[{"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-11-2015, 12:05 PM", "post": "I have more in common with the average jew than I do the average White man. How\u0092s that for a shocking statement as an opener? It\u0092s not just a shocking statement, it was a shocking realization that I had some time ago. Understanding jews is something that I feel most WN simply are not able to do because they are normal people. I\u0092m not normal, but abnormal by definition. More on that later and how it is relevant to this particular discussion. Solipsism The first thing that has to be established and understood as fact is that we, as human beings, are extremely solipsistic. We assume that other people in the world will process information and come to the same conclusions/actions as we (ourselves) do. That deep down, others are just like us, think like us, react like us. We see examples of this all the time on this forum in the forms of utter disbelief about how a person comes to a particular conclusion from a set of data when we come to something completely different (think of the OV). The complete lack of understanding is a handicap when dealing with those that are quite different than ourselves. We have a difficult time relating, and attempt to fit their round peg into our square hole. We attempt to rationalize their irrationality, and generally fail to really understand\u0085\u0085simply because we have no real frame of reference in our own life that is comparable. Such is the case when we attempt to understand the jew. Jews are much different than Whites. So much different, that we end up trying to find a frame of reference in our own lives to fit them into. And in doing so, we fail to really understand them. And in failing to understand them, we have little to no hope of dealing with them or the global order they have been establishing. One must really know and understand their enemy\u0085..how they think, what their motivations are, how they react to outside stimuli, etc. Once a person has an actual understanding of \u0093what makes them tick\u0094, then\u0085\u0085and only then\u0085\u0085can effective steps be taken to counter their actions. And better yet, preemptively take steps to thwart them. For now, I\u0092ll stick to the assertion that jews have this almost surreal tribal loyalty to one another. On the face of it, the evidence we see certainly seems to support this fact. The real question, however, is why? What motivates this thing that we describe as loyalty? This is where our own solipsism comes into play. We attempt to rationalize it from our own perspectives on a cultural level, and always come to a \u0093tribal\u0094 mindset due to our own racial history. I think that this is not technically accurate, or complete in the least. Loyalty means one thing to us, but I virtually guarantee it means something completely different to them. The borderline narcissist I\u0092ll save everyone the medical definition of narcissism, you can look that up on your own if you don\u0092t understand. Suffice it to say, fully understanding the inner workings of a person with a mental abnormality is almost impossible for a normal person. We attempt to rationalize it to better understand it, but how can you accurately rationalize the irrational? And this is where my own, unique perspective comes into play because I am a borderline narcissist. I\u0092ll spare everyone the technical diagnosis process as it doesn\u0092t matter. What matters is that my \u0093personality\u0094 is pretty rare\u0085\u0085and it\u0092s one that allows me to benefit from many of the aspects of a narcissistic personality without having the drawbacks. What separates a borderline like myself, in the most basic sense, can be summed up with the fact that a narcissist begins and ends their thought process with how anything effects them. There is little to no empathy for others as it is a completely foreign concept, and not even a secondary concern (in and of itself). The only time a narcissist thinks of how something will effect others is by finishing the thought by looking at it through a lens of how it will eventually effect them on the backside. As a borderline, I do feel empathy, albeit, I have to work at it\u0085\u0085.pretty hard at times. Unsurprisingly, a disproportionate amount of great leaders (either politically, militarily, or business) throughout history possess a great number of narcissistic tendencies. Much has been written about this. And this is what I believe to be one of the major (if not the most) factors to the success of jews in creating a world and situations in which they desire and thrive. Not only on an individual basis, but culturally as well. The more I\u0092ve thought about it over the years, the more I\u0092ve realized that compared to other races and cultures, jews have an incredibly disproportional amount of narcissists and borderline narcissists. They are a self absorbed people where everything begins and ends with \u0093them\u0094. As a collective of individuals, this has manifested itself in their cultural beliefs (Judaism as an example) which then in turn reinforces the individual personality trait over the generations. Their success has nothing to do with intelligence, or cunning as much as it does they just don\u0092t care what the ramifications are for others. This allows them to move forward with their agendas in an almost supernatural manner, pulling off feats that we would never have considered because of the high possibility of detrimental effects on others. That is such a foreign concept for us. As a people, we have a tendency to look at things through the lens of \u0093greater good\u0094, be that for our families, community, culture, etc. And part of that greater good is taking into account how it will effect others outside of our particular sphere. I can tell you now that underlying thought never enters the jewish mind. Things like a higher than average IQ or extreme cunning are our solipsistic attempts to relate. They are so self absorbed, they can be compared to the parasite who will eventually kill its host. I\u0092ve said before that \u0093we need to be more like jews\u0094 \u0096 which ended up in a very heated discussion because most that participated simply did not understand exactly what I was referring to. And it took a Cranky Old Weirdo to explain to me why we, as a people, cannot realistically be more like jews. My own solipsism as a borderline was coloring my vision. What I should have said is \u0093our leadership needs to be more like jews\u0094. \u0093More like\u0094, emphasis on the word MORE. As in adopting the positive traits of jews, while denying the negative and detrimental aspects and motivations they have in an effort to doggedly move our agenda forward. In other words, we need to encourage borderlines to take the reigns of certain organizational undertakings and foster a positive belief in certain borderline traits within our people. The issue is, there are not many borderlines to begin with, and most within the community are not patient enough to see the wisdom in a multi-faceted, multi-tiered, multi-generational approach to the problems we face. In an overly simplistic 10 point plan, the average community member seems to focus on steps 8, 9, and 10 (community level steps) without ever considering how to get there. The narcissistic jews do the exact opposite. They focus on the individual aspects (because everything starts and finishes with them as individuals), and the final (communal) benefits naturally fall in place. Not for any sense of societal loyalty or pride\u0085..the greater good for their people, but because in doing so, it will enable the individual aspects to be even more successful. There\u0092s more, but I\u0092ll stop it here for now. This is already a large wall of text that I suspect only a select few will even take the 5 minutes to read. But I do look forward to this discussion, and answering any questions.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_1.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-11-2015, 04:28 PM", "post": "Fading Light helped me realize that I already knew much of this, even though I didn't know that I already knew. I'll post some of the more relevant quotes later tonight.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_2.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut This is already a large wall of text that I suspect only a select few will even take the 5 minutes to read. Originally Posted by Gilamut I\u2019ve said before that \u201cwe need to be more like jews\u201d \u2013 which ended up in a very heated discussion because most that participated simply did not understand exactly what I was referring to. And it took a Cranky Old Weirdo to explain to me why we, as a people, cannot realistically be more like jews. My own solipsism as a borderline was coloring my vision. What I should have said is \u201cour leadership needs to be more like jews\u201d. \u201cMore like\u201d, emphasis on the word MORE. As in adopting the positive traits of jews, while denying the negative and detrimental aspects and motivations they have in an effort to doggedly move our agenda forward. In other words, we need to encourage borderlines to take the reigns of certain organizational undertakings and foster a positive belief in certain borderline traits within our people. Luke: \u201cWhere would you like to see whites become more like Jews?\u201d Kevin : \u201cHaving a strong sense of their group interest and having a stronger sense of ethnicity. That\u2019s what\u2019s really missing. With Israel, it\u2019s not like South Africa. The American Jewish community is digging in, particularly the people with money like Sheldon Adelson. They have this strong sense of ethnicity and group interest and whites on the other hand, are afraid of their shadows. They\u2019re afraid to be seen as \u2018racists\u2019. They\u2019re afraid to be seen as immoral. They\u2019re running around with their tail between their legs. You never see Jews like that. Jews are very aggressive and very assertive. If they lose something, like if an academic society makes a resolution against Israel, they\u2019ll just go after the academic society. They\u2019ll go after universities to prevent funding for that society. They\u2019ll go after state legislatures to prevent state universities from having faculty travel to those societies. It\u2019s just wall-to-wall activism. They\u2019re tough. They\u2019re good at what they do. And we\u2019re not. We\u2019re just completely divided. Whites have all these ideologies. Christian fundamentalism where they love Israel or they think abortion is the biggest issue of the day or they\u2019re worried about gay marriage. That that\u2019s really the problem that society faces. Well, the problem they face in the long run is that they are going to become a minority. That they are going to be victimized. That they are going to lose political power. But they can\u2019t even talk about that. We have to get stronger and stand up. After my three books, I wrote something about Jewish aggressiveness. In your face, but it\u2019s very adaptive. I can\u2019t fault someone for aggressively pursuing their interests. They have a way of morally condemning anybody who disagrees with them.\u201d", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-11-2015, 04:57 PM", "post": "I read your post in its entirety. Good post! Dr. Kevin MacDonald has this to say in an interview: Judaism As A Group Evolutionary Strategy | Luke Ford", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_3.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "FallingDown9", "date": "08-12-2015, 05:45 AM", "post": "Yeah I understand Jews as well. I can't explain it other than to say I'm in on it, I understand their codes, propaganda, and use of language. First, I can fairly easy tell who is a Jew and who isn't. Even quarter Jews, I can make them out. Second, I see their propaganda in the media, movies, and the way they put hidden messages in everything, play sides against each other, and always remain secret and behind the scenes, managing to deflect anything that comes their way. Think of it like the playground, and somebody gets caught doing something, and when he's caught he points to somebody else and says \"he did it\" and right then the doubt is placed and you don't know what to believe. The Jews do that, all of the time, but in a more subtle way. No matter how many billions they have, they are always \"poor and humble\". No matter how much control and power they have, they are \"oppressed\" No matter how degenerate they are, they are \"moral\" etc. The Jews are good at that. I also understand the methods by which they control the federal reserve, the gold trade, and thereby the financial system of the entire world, since all currencies are derivative of the dollar. So yes, I understand Jews. Most people don't have a clue.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_4.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Fading Light For anyone who chimes in at this point to say something along the lines of \"You just refuse to accept Jewish brilliance because you're anti-Semitic,\" or some such nonsense, I invite you to explain the many, many instances of Jewish behavior that are NOT in the general interest of all Jews and in fact make no rational sense and turn out to be detrimental to the Jewish agenda. I'm not saying Jews are retarded, but they are not geniuses. And it is extremely important to understand how your enemy ACTUALLY works if you intend to defeat him. Everything else on that list is the EMERGENT behavior of countless unthinking automata acting out of gratification-seeking self-interest uninhibited by internal ethics. He has no specific goal other than to secure as much for himself at any cost to ANYONE else as he can. He is not driven by anything other than greed and selfishness. He has no logical arguments, only lies, and those only work because we have let them work. Originally Posted by Fading Light I think I already explained that: They cheat to get ahead and our race has been letting them instead of stopping them. End of story. Their methods of operation are very base, not clever. Originally Posted by Fading Light They are self-serving and they cheat a lot .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-12-2015, 09:56 AM", "post": "This is from another thread We Need to become more like the Jews In it, we were discussing certain \"traits\" that jews use to their advantage. In the back and forth between myself and Fading Light, we illustrated that there's a difference between a trait (ie a tool) and motivation for using such a trait. It's a fairly long, but good read as we began getting closer and closer to the heart of the matter. And it was her repeated clarification on their motivations that helped me realize that it's much more than just \"self serving\", but actual narcissism or borderline......and why we have such a difficult time actually thinking like them, thus really understanding them. We rationalize it through our own (racial) solipsism. The repeated viewpoint that they \"cheat a lot\" is an interesting one to me, as it implies that the jews \"don't play by the rules\". Well, what are the rules? Whose rules are they? Once again, looking through our own solipsistic lens, the jews do cheat......when in reality they are playing by an entirely separate set of rules that seem quite abhorrent to us (for several good reasons). The rules they play with are inherently \"unfair\" to the opposing side......there is no \"equal footing\" for those they are playing against because, nobody else matters to a narcissist but themselves. And our view of them cheating, once again, is an attempt to rationalize a behavior or characteristic through our own experience and frame of reference.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_5.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Tin Omen", "date": "08-12-2015, 01:03 PM", "post": "Interesting. This makes me think of a theme I read about somewhere relating to the attainment of a monopoly on prospective leaders, and how important it is in our particular case, in the eyes of team j, that that monopoly lie safely in jewish hands. It would be reasonable to suppose that the relative paucity of Machiavellian narcissist types is part of what allows for the degree of cooperation that has made Western civilization possible. The revulsion many posters expressed in that thread is, as you suggest, typical of a normal and healthy White mind. We are community-oriented people and the suggestion to adopt certain behaviors associated with jews--even when it can be demonstrated that that's what works --feels like an incitement to betrayal of what we are. And yet, we know that the leaders which will emerge from among us are very likely to be Big Narcissist Jerks, and we know further that once they emerge these same posters will do a 180 and extol these same traits--assertiveness, aggressiveness, disregard for the rules and willingness to \"cheat,\" lack of empathy for enemies and lack of tolerance for dissent--as positives. Perhaps on some subconscious level they will find these leaders alien and even abhorrent, but that won't matter, because the Big Narcissist Jerk is effectively doing the dirty deeds for them. They don't have to worry about being assertive, aggressive, etc. because the Big Jerk is doing it for them-- they're just following orders once Big Jerk has established that what he's doing works and that he's willing to be the first to jump into the pool-- \"you don't have to be a Big Jerk, I'm doing it for you. Just follow my lead and don't ask questions.\" I'm not a historian but even I see this phenomenon time and time again in European history and have yet to really find it occurring with similar frequency elsewhere. History also teaches us thatonce a Big White Jerk gets a lot of White people following his lead, you'd better get out of the way. There is no more dangerous human force on this Earth than a Big White Jerk with a Big White Herd behind him. [A brief aside--here on SF, you see the above phenomenon on every thread about Trump. He is a big bag of bluster, stepping on toes just for the hell of it and chucking monkey-wrenches all over the place, and a lot of people here (and people I've talked to offline) seem to despite the fact that, technically, he's a Big Narcissist Jerk who's causing trouble and upsetting the applecart (granted, it's an applecart to see upset, but that doesn't explain his broader appeal amongst regular kwans) at least by word if not deed. I'd wager the partygoers on the Trump train would be calling him a psychotic narcissist if he was agitating for amnesty instead of a wall.] And this is why maintaining a monopoly of the leaders, or as close to one as possible, is so vital a directive for the j team. Anybody demonstrating these tendencies and an ability to express them in a way that gets him ahead as opposed to sabotaging him needs to be turned into a slobbering materialist at a young age, taught that time is money and money is everything, and directed into business and finance and other such decidedly jewish domains, where he'll have all kinds of fun stepping on other people and enriching himself without seriously endangering jewish hegemony. Are the jews losing that monopoly or near-monopoly? I couldn't say. But you can bet that as we roll into the end-game and the level of chaos and uncertainty increases, the political game is going to be an increasingly attractive option for Big White Jerks to flex their muscles. Sure, money is an ego-feeder, but so is leading a revolution.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_6.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Tin Omen [A brief aside--here on SF, you see the above phenomenon on every thread about Trump. He is a big bag of bluster, stepping on toes just for the hell of it and chucking monkey-wrenches all over the place, and a lot of people here (and people I've talked to offline) seem to love him for that reason alone despite the fact that, technically, he's a Big Narcissist Jerk who's causing trouble and upsetting the applecart (granted, it's an applecart we want to see upset, but that doesn't explain his broader appeal amongst regular kwans) at least by word if not deed. I'd wager the partygoers on the Trump train would be calling him a psychotic narcissist if he was agitating for amnesty instead of a wall.]", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-12-2015, 01:25 PM", "post": "Yep, Trump is a narcissist. As Gilamut pointed out in OP, most brilliant leaders tend to be narcissists. A mental health worker says you almost have to be a narcissist in order to lead a country. Back to to Trump - you could say he is a narcissist in a good way, compared to the negative narcissist Obama. Back to the thread topic. .", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_7.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt A mental health worker says you almost have to be a narcissist in order to lead a country. There is no more dangerous human force on this Earth than a Big White Jerk with a Big White Herd behind him. Originally Posted by vikingcelt Back to to Trump - you could say he is a narcissist in a good way, compared to the negative narcissist Obama. Originally Posted by vikingcelt Back to the thread topic. .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Tin Omen", "date": "08-12-2015, 01:31 PM", "post": "And I wouldn't have it any other way. Like I said: That's a... weird distinction. My point was merely that people on here who recoil from taking a pointer or two from jews will enthusiastically get behind White people who, whether they know it or not, have done so. There's a little bit of hypocrisy and selective vision involved there. Yes. Please, for the love of God, let's not allow this to degenerate into another Trump thread.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_8.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DrCrow", "date": "08-12-2015, 01:47 PM", "post": "I am, in no way a fan of jews. I am exceedingly right-wing, ANP supporting National Socialist, Commie hating, Nazi through and through. But, A well informed text such as Gilamut's is definitely a change in understanding for a nazi such as me. I think this was well thought, understood and percieved by the few that read it. Great Job, Gil!", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_9.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Tin Omen Interesting. This makes me think of a theme I read about somewhere relating to the attainment of a monopoly on prospective leaders, and how important it is in our particular case, in the eyes of team j, that that monopoly lie safely in jewish hands. It would be reasonable to suppose that the relative paucity of Machiavellian narcissist types is part of what allows for the degree of cooperation that has made Western civilization possible. The revulsion many posters expressed in that thread is, as you suggest, typical of a normal and healthy White mind. We are community-oriented people and the suggestion to adopt certain behaviors associated with jews--even when it can be demonstrated that that's what works --feels like an incitement to betrayal of what we are. And yet, we know that the leaders which will emerge from among us are very likely to be Big Narcissist Jerks , and we know further that once they emerge these same posters will do a 180 and extol these same traits--assertiveness, aggressiveness, disregard for the rules and willingness to \"cheat,\" lack of empathy for enemies and lack of tolerance for dissent--as positives. Perhaps on some subconscious level they will find these leaders alien and even abhorrent, but that won't matter, because the Big Narcissist Jerk is effectively doing the dirty deeds for them. They don't have to worry about being assertive, aggressive, etc. because the Big Jerk is doing it for them--they're just following ordersonce Big Jerk has established that what he's doing works and that he's willing to be the first to jump into the pool-- \"you don't have to be a Big Jerk, I'm doing it for you. Just follow my lead and don't ask questions. \" I'm not a historian but even I see this phenomenon time and time again in European history and have yet to really find it occurring with similar frequency elsewhere. History also teaches us thatonce a Big White Jerk gets a lot of White people following his lead, you'd better get out of the way. There is no more dangerous human force on this Earth than a Big White Jerk with a Big White Herd behind him. [A brief aside--here on SF, you see the above phenomenon on every thread about Trump. He is a big bag of bluster, stepping on toes just for the hell of it and chucking monkey-wrenches all over the place, and a lot of people here (and people I've talked to offline) seem to love him for that reason alone despite the fact that, technically, he's a Big Narcissist Jerk who's causing trouble and upsetting the applecart (granted, it's an applecart we want to see upset, but that doesn't explain his broader appeal amongst regular kwans) at least by word if not deed. I'd wager the partygoers on the Trump train would be calling him a psychotic narcissist if he was agitating for amnesty instead of a wall.] And this is why maintaining a monopoly of the leaders, or as close to one as possible, is so vital a directive for the j team. Anybody demonstrating these tendencies and an ability to express them in a way that gets him ahead as opposed to sabotaging him needs to be turned into a slobbering materialist at a young age, taught that time is money and money is everything, and directed into business and finance and other such decidedly jewish domains, where he'll have all kinds of fun stepping on other people and enriching himself without seriously endangering jewish hegemony. Are the jews losing that monopoly or near-monopoly? I couldn't say. But you can bet that as we roll into the end-game and the level of chaos and uncertainty increases, the political game is going to be an increasingly attractive option for Big White Jerks to flex their muscles. Sure, money is an ego-feeder, but so is leading a revolution .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-12-2015, 02:29 PM", "post": "OK, all the emphasis is mine. I didn't want to snip them, so they can be re-read in the original context. First off, let me be explicitly clear. There is still a huge difference between a full blown narcissist, and borderlines.......or those with narcissistic tendencies. I cannot stress that enough. Full blown narcissists are dangerous \"leaders\", and a complete crapshoot to wish for. Simply because the full blown narcissist begins and ends every thought with themselves. They *quite literally* don't give a damn about anyone else beyond how they can be used to his advantage. I put \"leaders\" in quotations because they actually aren't \"leading\" by any definition of leadership that I know. Leadership implies the ability to influence others to complete a mission or goal by providing purpose, direction, and motivation......always keeping the welfare of those being led foremost in their mind. A narcissist doesn't care about anyone else but themselves. Now, this would be fine if every person was in complete lockstep (ideologically, philosophically, and fundamentally) with such a leader's positions. The chances of that happening are slim to none, and never guaranteed to change or evolve over a period of time. One would think that narcissists would have a difficult time working together, and they are partially correct. Multiple narcissists working lock-step together in a joint or concerted effort would almost certainly fail as the personalities would vie to establish dominance over the others. But when we begin thinking about international jewery, we can see that they are not really working \"lock-step\". As Fading Light pointed out, there are many examples of where the individuals actually work against the stated goals of zionism. I think it's more accurately a case of them (narcissists and borderlines) to gravitate towards each other, not for any greater good or defined concerted effort, but because it's simple logic. As a borderline, I would rather work (very loosley) with another of my kind because I understand their motivations.....what makes them tick.......and can reasonably predict that they will do everything that I would do to further their individual power (be it political, financial, etc). Which, as long as our specific goals to not vie against each other, almost always ensures a great measure of success for both parties involved. A narcississt or borderline doesn't have to be indoctrinated into \"jewish\" domains, because we naturally gravitate towards getting (or taking) what we want by most/any means necessary. To the normal white mind, this would seem like chaos, bordering on anarchy. But to the narcissist, it's common sense. The key is to find borderline narcissist personalities, because we can still feel empathy......even if we have to work at it.......for others. Our natural inclination to blow off any setbacks, failures, personal attacks, etc relieves us from the one emotion that can absolutely cripple a person.......especially in a leadership position.........GUILT. I know that I almost never feel guilt, because I simply don't do things to feel guilty for. It doesn't mean that I cannot admit that I was wrong, or ask for forgiveness. But I absolutely refuse to beat myself up about something that I did or did not do because what is done is done, and nothing will ever change it. It's one of the most refreshing things I've ever experienced in my life......the moment I realized that I'm virtually guilt free. Don't get me wrong, borderlines such as myself are not perfect........although we will all swear we are really close to it. It is possible for a person to be a narcissist or have narcissistic tendencies and have below average, or average intelligence. It's probably more rare than those of us with higher than average, but it still exists. But even an average intelligence narcissist/borderline has a disproportional ability to achieve excellence in their endeavors over a normal person because of a lack of caring of what's laid to waste in their path. I personally try to always weigh the balance. It's a conscious effort at times. Thankfully I've had actual leadership training and experience to help me with this. But yeah, I've reached the absolute pinnacle of success with anything that I've ever undertaken in my life. It doesn't always happen over night, but it always eventually happens. The only reason that I'm talking about myself so much in this thread (beyond my narcissistic tendencies that is ) is because I know that I'm abnormal......both in good and bad ways. I'm trying to provide glimpses into this abnormality so others can understand exactly what we are facing.", "page": 1, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_10.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut Full blown narcissists are dangerous \"leaders\", and a complete crapshoot to wish for. Simply because the full blown narcissist begins and ends every thought with themselves. They *quite literally* don't give a damn about anyone else beyond how they can be used to his advantage. I put \"leaders\" in parenthesis because they actually aren't \"leading\" by any definition of leadership that I know. Leadership implies the ability to influence others to complete a mission or goal by providing purpose, direction, and motivation......always keeping the welfare of those being led foremost in their mind. A narcissist doesn't care about anyone else but themselves. Anybody demonstrating these tendencies and an ability to express them in a way that gets him ahead as opposed to sabotaging him needs to be turned into a slobbering materialist Originally Posted by Gilamut Now, this would be fine if every person was in complete lockstep (ideologically, philosophically, and fundamentally) with such a leader's positions. The chances of that happening are slim to none, and never guaranteed to change or evolve over a period of time. One would think that narcissists would have a difficult time working together, and they are partially correct. Multiple narcissists working lock-step together in a joint or concerted effort would almost certainly fail as the personalities would vie to establish dominance over the others. But when we begin thinking about international jewery, we can see that they are not really working \"lock-step\". As Fading Light pointed out, there are many examples of where the individuals actually work against the stated goals of zionism. I think it's more accurately a case of them (narcissists and borderlines) to gravitate towards each other, not for any greater good or defined concerted effort, but because it's simple logic. As a borderline, I would rather work (very loosley) with another of my kind because I understand their motivations.....what makes them tick.......and can reasonably predict that they will do everything that I would do to further their individual power (be it political, financial, etc). To the normal white mind, this would seem like chaos, bordering on anarchy. But to the narcissist, it's common sense.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Tin Omen", "date": "08-12-2015, 03:28 PM", "post": "I'll have to defer to your more advanced clinical understanding of what we mean by \"narcissist.\" I'm mostly thinking of someone with a big ego, a clear goal, and the ability to ignore the repercussions of his actions on others as he satisfies the former and pursues the latter, not so much someone whose universe literally rises and sets on himself to the exclusion of all else. That sounds more to me like psychopathy. Perhaps what I have in mind is in fact closer to what you call a \"borderline.\" I said: Perhaps this is one way borderlines and true narcissists might be differentiated. I can't imagine the latter lasting very long in a leadership position. There's definitely an unfortunate tendency to present world jewry as some titanic, monolithic force, when in reality we see jews squabbling amongst themselves almost as much as we do on this board. However the truth of the matter remains: they are not in lockstep, but they're a functional enough team to have very nearly destroyed Western civilization. I like the label \"team j\" to refer to the enemy in general, as it's more correct than \"the jews\"--it evokes more of a motley crew than a single tribe, and our enemy is as we all know a highly diverse lot. Yet for all the squabbling amongst the jews and all the diversity of their hangers-on, it's among the most devastatingly effective organizations in the history of mankind. I guess my point is if groups of narcissists cause dysfunction within an organization, the current state of affairs points to either the jews' near-supernatural competence at what they do, just how feeble resistance to them has become, or perhaps some of both. To your final point, this presentation of jewish tribal loyalty as more of an affinity between personalities than blood-loyalty as White people understand it does go some length to explain their factionalization. After all, at least to some extent, a Big Jerk is looking in a mirror when he meets a fellow Big Jerk. And assuming they have the self-awareness to partially subsume their urge to destroy competition in order to work together and achieve a goal, such a team might have all the appearances of a bona fide tribe. And, should this be true, it's a very important bit of information to have and very good news for White people: they work together only so long as the individuals involved are making a profit. It would imply that Big Jew, unlike so many White nations/tribes of the past, will in fact not lay down his \"for the tribe,\" which is what a blood-loyalty concept of jewry would demand. It reduces Big Jew to something rather like a boardroom than a tribe. Cunning Gentiles then have a very clear directive: erode the certainty of profit, and watch the team dissolve.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_11.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "AmericaFree", "date": "08-12-2015, 04:23 PM", "post": "My question would be how much do you think is nature and how much is nurture? Under the right circumstances I believe anyone can be borderline narcissistic. If you look at the Jewish religions and belief systems it encourages these characteristics you described in your OP. Compare that with how the \"Average White American Christian\" is raised. For example I was raised to love everyone equally (race doesn't matter), don't go after money and wealth because that can lead to evil, care for others and put them before you. This is basically the opposite of the Jewish system. I personally believe my Christian upbringing made me a more caring person and installed good morals but it did make me weak and push over at times. I've actually had to train myself to be a bit more narcissistic and aggressive, while Jews from a early age were trained to had those characteristics.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_12.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by AmericaFree My question would be how much do you think is nature and how much is nurture? Under the right circumstances I believe anyone can be borderline narcissistic. Originally Posted by Gilamut The more I\u2019ve thought about it over the years, the more I\u2019ve realized that compared to other races and cultures, jews have an incredibly disproportional amount of narcissists and borderline narcissists. They are a self absorbed people where everything begins and ends with \u201cthem\u201d. As a collective of individuals, this has manifested itself in their cultural beliefs (Judaism as an example) which then in turn reinforces the individual personality trait over the generations .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-12-2015, 05:24 PM", "post": "I think I mentioned it....... You are exactly right, by my thinking. It's a situation of perpetual continuation. Leaders are not born, they are made. This I can attest to in many aspects. But there are leaders, and then there are LEADERS, if you take my meaning. Every leader goes through a learning process, but for some it comes more naturally and easily. Same thing with learning to have narcissistic traits. Not everyone can do it.....the same as not everyone can learn to lead effectively. But fostering certain ideals and the willingness to embrace traits (tools) to further an agenda based upon the proper motivations (betterment of the White Race while not needlessly creating enemies through lack of greater compassion without sacrificing or compromising on core ideals) is something that we need to embrace. It won't \"take\" with every individual, but it will certainly help shape us borderlines to be more focused on the thing that counts most.......the continuation and perpetuation of our people. And borderlines naturally gravitate towards leadership roles.......so it's helping to shape our own future.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_13.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "FTL 9", "date": "08-12-2015, 07:35 PM", "post": "I dont like you comparing my race to a filthy feeling jew boy", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_14.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Fading Light", "date": "08-12-2015, 07:38 PM", "post": "You asked me to reply to this thread, Gilamut, but you may be sorry you did. Let's start by telling the Solipsists they need to first define exactly what they mean by \"self\" before they start telling us all it's the only thing known to exist. Solipsism violates the laws of thermodynamics and if they want to tell me I made all that up, they can explain to me why everything else in my \"self-universe\" obeys it. I view the world through the lens of a logician, and I must assert (though you might call it narcissism) that there is no other valid lens through which to view it. Since logic is the process by which we evaluate relationships between conceptual events for connections, there cannot be any alternative to logic because logic must be used to evaluate or even compose any alternative method. Logic is all. That being the case, the universe isn't wide open for assorted worldviews: there is one correct view and all others are illogical and therefore contradict themselves. That's not narcissism; it's called reality. My opponents aren't wrong because I disagree with them. They are wrong because my conclusions are self-consistent with respect to probabilistic logic while theirs aren't. I do indeed run into people who have reached vastly different conclusions than I have and it usually turns out to be because they are stupid. Too arrogant? You sound to me like you are carefully trying to avoid saying the same thing, but I suspect you have experienced it even if you won't say it. My opinions change over the course of time, making me more right as the years go by, which makes me ever harder to defeat in an argument, and susceptible to turning out incorrect ever more rarely. Liberals think opinions just keep changing and aren't right or wrong. That's because they don't have any rules to guide them in rejecting false ideas as their understanding of the world mutates. I don't have any problem admitting it when I'm wrong. For God's sake, that's how I got into White Nationalism. Do you know who can't admit they are wrong? people who don't care about truth! And why don't they care about truth? because they are stupid!!! That's really all there is to it. Sounds smug, but we have the record in Opposing Views to demonstrate our point. We happen to hold a set of opinions that correspond to what we measure in the objective universe. That is one hell of a coincidence if it isn't actually truth. We need to be LESS like the Jews, not more, if we want to win this. The Jews aren't tribal, only selfish. They don't actually care about each other. They simply know their fellow cheaters and therefore form temporary alliances for personal gain. And when there is no gain to be had doing that anymore, they turn on each other in an instant. I was challenged about this idea here months ago and really started digging for examples of it. The world is overflowing with examples of it: Oppenheimer versus Teller, the fight over SOPA, every presidential election for the last forty years. They care about the tribe exactly as much as they care about Blacks: \"Is it beneficial to me personally?\" The Jewish strategy is stupid because Jews are stupid. They are like the guy who takes out twenty credit cards and maxes them out so he can have all sorts of nice things that fools look upon with jealousy and a total inability to foresee long-term consequences. I can foresee the long-term consequences to the Jews for what they are doing right now and I don't often write about them here because it would freak people out. They have made the ultimate deal with the devil and he will come to collect. Having an altruistic worldview is the (inevitable) capacity of a superior mind. You can call it narcissistic if you want to, but it follows from logic: They ways I screw over the world DO come back around to me. To idiots, it seems like magic. To a smart person, it's basically just societal economics. The Jews have a house of cards stacked so high right now that the collapse is unavoidable, and when it happens, it will spread to everything they have. Nothing will escape it. It's almost funny trying to guess what's going to give out first. Every one of them has built upon the mast of Holocaust pity, the beam of multiculturalism, the truss of liberal academia, and so on. Those are all tied together and will all fall in a cascade. There will be literally nowhere for them to run. This is a strategy? This is something we should emulate? The White Nationalist view should be one of decentralization: Such total individual strength and independence that all the world can fall into darkness and the best of us will still be standing, still smiling. It's why we don't get along with liberals: their philosophy is one of complete neediness, and who cares about the cost! You tell me, are these equally valid ideologies, or is one of them inherently doomed? Hint: It's not the one that simply cannot be killed unless you hunt down and murder every last person who adheres to it on the face of the earth. That's why we are still here after all their efforts to get rid of us, isn't it. If Jews really did have such an advanced trait as loyalty, I would agree with you that it is laudable. We DO have that trait already, and they do not. Never assume a herd of animals stays together because of empathy. Every last one of them is hoping when the predator comes, it will pick one of the others in the crowd. What do you call a flock of creatures that stay together to try to dump their problems on each other? I propose the name LEFTISTS.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_15.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Fading Light You asked me to reply to this thread, Gilamut, but you may be sorry you did.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-12-2015, 08:12 PM", "post": "Why's that, sis? I love reading your thoughts. And in this case, we are in perfect agreement. You aren't disagreeing with anything that I've actually said here, and (I only read once) I don't see anything on the surface that I disagree with either. That was a mouthful, you wrote, so I will have to read it a few more times to fully digest everything.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_16.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by DrCrow I am, in no way a fan of jews. I am exceedingly right-wing, ANP supporting National Socialist, Commie hating, Nazi through and through. But, A well informed text such as Gilamut's is definitely a change in understanding for a nazi such as me. I think this was well thought, understood and percieved by the few that read it. Great Job, Gil! Originally Posted by Gilamut Full blown narcissists are dangerous \"leaders\", and a complete crapshoot to wish for. Simply because the full blown narcissist begins and ends every thought with themselves. They *quite literally* don't give a damn about anyone else beyond how they can be used to his advantage. I put \"leaders\" in parenthesis because they actually aren't \"leading\" by any definition of leadership that I know. Originally Posted by Fading Light What do you call a flock of creatures that stay together to try to dump their problems on each other? I propose the name LEFTISTS.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-12-2015, 08:29 PM", "post": "Please. Let's not use the jew-invented term \"Nazi\". NS (or National Socialist) is more appropriate. Where's the 'parenthesis'? All I see is quotation marks. .\u0183u\u1d09\u029e\u0254\u1d09d\u0287\u1d09u \u0279o\u025f \u028e\u0279\u0279oS They love being called 'leftists'. I suggest a term that would make them cringe or squirm. How about psychopaths ? .", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_17.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Where's the 'parenthesis'? All I see is quotation marks. .\u0183u\u1d09\u029e\u0254\u1d09d\u0287\u1d09u \u0279o\u025f \u028e\u0279\u0279oS .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-12-2015, 09:07 PM", "post": "Bwaaaaaa-hahahahahahah! That's hilarious! What do you mean you don't see them? Wow, talk about serious brain fart.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_18.NAF"}, {"citation": "A more advanced form of this malady is \u201cplural solipsism,\u201d which is the belief that the whole world is \u201clike\u201d me. Sufferers in denial of \u2018others\u2019 develop the concept of a \u201ccommon humanity,\u201d that is, everybody thinks alike. Everybody does not \u201cthink like me.\u201d The Marietta Daily Journal - Obama needs crash course in how to wrestle a bear Originally Posted by Fading Light We need to be LESS like the Jews, not more, if we want to win this. Originally Posted by Fading Light The Jews aren't tribal, only selfish. They don't actually care about each other. They simply know their fellow cheaters and therefore form temporary alliances for personal gain. And when there is no gain to be had doing that anymore, they turn on each other in an instant. I was challenged about this idea here months ago and really started digging for examples of it. The world is overflowing with examples of it: Oppenheimer versus Teller, the fight over SOPA, every presidential election for the last forty years. They care about the tribe exactly as much as they care about Blacks: \"Is it beneficial to me personally?\" The Jewish strategy is stupid because Jews are stupid. They are like the guy who takes out twenty credit cards and maxes them out so he can have all sorts of nice things that fools look upon with jealousy and a total inability to foresee long-term consequences. I can foresee the long-term consequences to the Jews for what they are doing right now and I don't often write about them here because it would freak people out. They have made the ultimate deal with the devil and he will come to collect. Having an altruistic worldview is the (inevitable) capacity of a superior mind. You can call it narcissistic if you want to, but it follows from logic: Originally Posted by Fading Light They ways I screw over the world DO come back around to me. To idiots, it seems like magic. To a smart person, it's basically just societal economics. The Jews have a house of cards stacked so high right now that the collapse is unavoidable, and when it happens, it will spread to everything they have. Nothing will escape it. It's almost funny trying to guess what's going to give out first. Every one of them has built upon the mast of Holocaust pity, the beam of multiculturalism, the truss of liberal academia, and so on. Those are all tied together and will all fall in a cascade. There will be literally nowhere for them to run. This is a strategy? This is something we should emulate? Originally Posted by Fading Light The White Nationalist view should be one of decentralization: Such total individual strength and independence that all the world can fall into darkness and the best of us will still be standing, still smiling. It's why we don't get along with liberals: their philosophy is one of complete neediness, and who cares about the cost! You tell me, are these equally valid ideologies, or is one of them inherently doomed? Hint: It's not the one that simply cannot be killed unless you hunt down and murder every last person who adheres to it on the face of the earth. That's why we are still here after all their efforts to get rid of us, isn't it. Originally Posted by Fading Light If Jews really did have such an advanced trait as loyalty, I would agree with you that it is laudable. We DO have that trait already, and they do not. Never assume a herd of animals stays together because of empathy. Every last one of them is hoping when the predator comes, it will pick one of the others in the crowd. What do you call a flock of creatures that stay together to try to dump their problems on each other? I propose the name LEFTISTS.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-13-2015, 07:21 AM", "post": "Just to clarify, when I talk about solipsism, I'm talking about the practical (real) implications of such and not the theoretical mumbo-jumbo. Here's a good example of how it effects real life (tangible) interactions with others. It's what leads to not being able to comprehend or understand others when we don't have a personal frame of reference. This is perhaps the only thing that we could quibble about.....which we already have in the other thread, and came to an understanding of what each was referring to specifically. I suggest others to read that thread for a better understanding. To be clear, I think it's most accurate to say that \"We need to become more like Whites of old\" or \"reembrace our White heritage and traits\" or something to that effect. Exactly how I described it (or intended to), but using different words. In the most simplistic, they are a parasite who will eventually kill its host, thus killing itself. I wouldn't call it narcissistic, because while narcissism will follow logic in the short term for immeidate personal gain, it most certainly doesn't follow logic through to the long term or for any societal considerations. In that aspect, it's quite illogical. Nope. Narcissism is an actual mental disorder because it's so far removed from the \"normal baseline\". So it stands to reason that any society or culture comprised of such (disproportionately higher percentage) will be seriously screwed up and fail miserably. There's a reason why jews have been kicked out of 100+ countries around the world throughout history. Decentralization is one of the PLE concepts, which I think is the key to survival when any \"movement\" is in its infancy or when attempting to gain momentum and move forward in the face of a well entrenched and numerically superior enemy. Not that the jews have that many numbers, but I include the liberal, multi-culturalist, new global order internationalist, self-hating and self-serving \"whites\" in the enemy category as well. Again, we agree. Like I said before, the jews are working together only the the most loose sense of the word.....motivated by personal/individual gain because their worldview starts and ends with each of them individually. That is not loyalty at all. That's not teamwork. That's not a cohesive racial quality.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_19.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut Just to clarify, when I talk about solipsism, I'm talking about the practical (real) implications of such and not the theoretical mumbo-jumbo. This is perhaps the only thing that we could quibble about... To be clear, I think it's most accurate to say that \"We need to become more like Whites of old\" or \"reembrace our White heritage and traits\" or something to that effect. Exactly how I described it (or intended to), but using different words. In the most simplistic, they are a parasite who will eventually kill its host, thus killing itself. I wouldn't call it narcissistic, because while narcissism will follow logic in the short term for immeidate personal gain, it most certainly doesn't follow logic through to the long term or for any societal considerations. In that aspect, it's quite illogical. Narcissism is an actual mental disorder because it's so far removed from the \"normal baseline\". So it stands to reason that any society or culture comprised of such (disproportionately higher percentage) will be seriously screwed up and fail miserably. There's a reason why jews have been kicked out of 100+ countries around the world throughout history. Decentralization is one of the PLE concepts, which I think is the key to survival when any \"movement\" is in its infancy or when attempting to gain momentum and move forward in the face of a well entrenched and numerically superior enemy. Not that the jews have that many numbers, but I include the liberal, multi-culturalist, new global order internationalist, self-hating and self-serving \"whites\" in the enemy category as well. Again, we agree. Like I said before, the jews are working together only the the most loose sense of the word.....motivated by personal/individual gain because their worldview starts and ends with each of them individually. That is not loyalty at all. That's not teamwork. That's not a cohesive racial quality.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Fading Light", "date": "08-13-2015, 12:27 PM", "post": "Understood. That I most definitely agree with. The Whites of old were far more constrained by practicality because they lived on the edge where there wasn't room for irrational idealism. Liberals are fed and clothed as if by magic due to the inventions of great Whites of the past, and are therefore severely out of touch with the parameters of reality. This is why they occasionally propose silly things such as \"all the world's problems would be solved if we all smoked pot together.\" The naivety contained in that idea is beyond description. So yes, our ancestors couldn't afford to pretend supporting a bunch of criminally inclined and otherwise utterly useless minorities was okay. You're right, then: We don't disagree on anything of significance here. Exactly, and they can't see the pattern. If I saw a people kicked out of 100 nations, I would be expecting expulsion number 101 to be on the horizon. They aren't doing anything significantly differently than they have ever done it, except on a wider scale, so the results should be the same, except on a wider scale. It's why I laugh at \"Critical Theory.\" They gathered together and spent YEARS trying to come up with a method and their great brainchild after all that was what they had always done: whine. This time, it was to whine louder. It's ludicrous! Yes. There are three reasons what is happening to our people bothers us individually: (1) concern about it expanding to somehow get to all of us individually; (2) revulsion at the egregious unjustness of it; and (3) fear that we will lose the comfortable society we are dependent on. That third one needs to be removed because it spells disaster for us in the long run if we don't do something about it. We should not be like the liberals. We should not need society to provide for us in any way. We should (ideally) each be able to rebuild all of this from scratch if need be, or at least able to stay alive and prosper without outside help beyond childhood. Agreed. They are quite literally psychopathic. They have no internal sense of justice\u2014in other words, no conscience. In the long run, that will lead them to a bad end. Our race has a bit of a weak point when our compassion is untempered with practicality and reason, to be sure, but our consciences are still overall advantageous to us.", "page": 2, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_20.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-13-2015, 01:00 PM", "post": "https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog...dle-narcissist 5 Ways To Shut Down A Narcissist - Forbes I find some of the Forbes article intriguing, because it tells you what not to do to avoid \"attacking or antagonizing\" a narcissist. Seems to me those might be some good ideas to combat international jewery. In fact, its pretty amazing that if you change the word narcissist to Jews.......both articles still make near perfect sense.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_21.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-13-2015, 01:32 PM", "post": "I\u0092ve received a lot of queries lately from people asking how they can get revenge against the jews that screwed them. When people are angry and hurting and they realize that they\u0092ve been duped, lied to and manipulated, it\u0092s normal to want the person responsible to feel what you\u0092re feeling. One of the most difficult things to cope with is watching the one that hurt you, trot off unscathed, while you are left writhing in agony. While it may look rosy from where he\u0092s standing, keep in mind that while you have the ability to grow and become a better person, your jew does not. So before you start plotting out a method of revenge there are a few things you should consider. Your enemy is a predator, he feeds off of the emotions and kindness of those closest to him. He lies, manipulates and cons to get his way. He is disconnected from his emotions, feels a sense of entitlement and has an impaired ability to feel remorse or guilt. You will not find emotional depth in your enemy. It\u0092s just not there. What a jew possesses are pseudo emotions, lacking in depth and substance. Every demonstration is superficial and short lived. He has learned to adapt by mimicking the emotions of others whenever necessary. The dominant feelings found in a jew are as follows: Anger : This is generally the default setting on the jew's emotional scale. Any little thing can trigger an outburst. The ifs and whens are not consistent, so you never know when it\u0092s coming, or the level he will take it to. He is a projector and likes to pass off his feelings onto others. Anger is commonly used as a manipulation tactic, or as a control mechanism to keep his minions in line and on their toes. Smugness: When a jew pulls one over on you he\u0092s feeling pretty good about himself. If you\u0092re hurting and pining for his return \u0096 that is shear bliss for him. Any time he can confirm to you and himself that he\u0092s smarter and more superior, he will feel a sense of delight that looks and feels a lot like gloating. Do not expect concern or compassion when a jew is inflicting his brand of torture, expect him to feel pleasure while he twists the knife. Frustration: A jew has poor impulse control. When he sees something, he wants it and he goes after it, but if there are obstacles in the way they can be a source of great irritation. When people don\u0092t dance to his tune and acknowledge his superiority he will become exceedingly annoyed. Boredom : Jews have a very low tolerance for routine. He quickly develops a tolerance to people and objects and his head is on a constant swivel looking for anything, or anyone shiny and new, that will generate a new thrill. Obsession : When a jew has found a new target he is a man obsessed. He can\u0092t get enough of it. He wants to know everything about it. He becomes consumed, thinking about it night and day, working himself into a fevered pitch, until of course he grows a tolerance to it and boredom sets in. Contemp t: Jews hate people and all of humanity for that matter. They hate the objects of their obsession and theyhate themselves for being dependent on the supply they provide. They would rather be alone and avoid humanity all together, but their incessant need for attention and admiration makes that impossible. To the jew's sense of grandiosity we are all objects, whose sole purpose is to provide him with amusement and adulation. Understanding how the enemy thinks and feels is one thing, but when you apply that to various approaches, you will see why any action you take is futile: Reason : How do you reason with someone that twists the facts and has an aversion to the truth? They are the kings of justification. They minimize, rationalize and distort their involvement. When they have behaved badly, you can bet they\u0092ve found a reason or a hundred that it\u0092s entirely your fault. Guilt : He may very well owe you something, but how do you make someone feel something they are incapable of feeling? They lack empathy and you can\u0092t make someone accountable when they just don\u0092t care. Because their thoughts are completely self-centered, It doesn\u0092t compute with them that you have feelings. How they\u0092ve made you feel is completely irrelevant to them. Tears : Jews are uncomfortable around heady displays of emotion. They won\u0092t listen and they will just extricate themselves from the situation. Tears actually work to their advantage. A jew likes to know he can still affect you \u0096 positively or negatively, this is a source of Narcissistic Supply, so showing how much he has hurt you is a win, win situation for him. Jealousy : Trying to make them feel jealous while they are in a cold phase won\u0092t work either. If he has a new target in sight and your relationship is over or hanging by a thread, he\u0092ll have no interest. He\u0092ll view your attempt to make him jealous as nothing more than an ego stroke. Character Assassination, Assault, or Property Damage : You can cause Jewish Injury, which is any slight real or imagined that threatens their ego and sense of grandiosity. Pointing out to them and others their flaws and what they\u0092ve done, may cause them to fly into a rage. Their need to protect their ego at all costs is what drives them. Causing them physical harm, or damage to their property may also insight rage. But remember, if you persist you will not get out unscathed. They may cause you physical harm, lay criminal charges, or they may cut you out of their lives rapidly, so that you can\u0092t do any more damage. Any hostile act you visit upon them may be visited back upon you tenfold. If you do act out, all anyone will see or remember are your seemingly irrational actions. You end up looking like the one with the problem and all this does is give him more reasons to justify what he\u0092s done, in his eyes and everyone else\u0092s When you are involved with an abusive, malicious ego maniac the best course of action is to take the high road and do nothing. Just get the hell out of Dodge and don\u0092t look back and deal with your pain on your own. When you are stuck on anger and resentment and all you\u0092re thinking is revenge those negative emotions will take a toll on you. For one, they will slow down your healing process and keep you fixated on the situation and stuck on pain. When you are so wrapped up in anger, it makes you paranoid and jaded. Don\u0092t let him change who you are and turn you into an angry bitter person. Also think about what you\u0092re putting out there to the universe. When you\u0092re obsessed about sticking it to him and all you feel is rage and hurt, the universe will reflect back to you what you\u0092re thinking and feeling. The more intensely you focus on anger and hurt the faster the universe will deliver more people and circumstances that will evoke those feelings in you. Understand that when someone has attacked you \u0096 they have told you all you need to know about their feelings and what their intentions are. You can\u0092t control them, but you can control yourself. How you deal with this defines your character. And remember, while you may think you got the short end of the stick, you can heal yourself and go on and have a healthy happy life\u0096 he cannot. All of his endeavors are bound to suffer the same fate. So be grateful that he\u0092s someone else\u0092s problem now. So after all this, if you\u0092re still bent on payback, recognize that what a jew fears most, is being ordinary, unimportant and forgotten. So forget him, find your bliss and fill the rest of your life with happiness and love. Let him have this battle, just make sure in the long run \u0096 that you win the war. That\u0092s your best revenge.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_22.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-13-2015, 01:34 PM", "post": "I hope you took the time to read the above post, and realize how well that describes the jew. Oh, by the way........that was an article written about how to deal with a narcissist. I basically swapped out the two words. Amazing how accurate it is, no?", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_23.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-13-2015, 02:18 PM", "post": "WhiteRights has this in his sig line:", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_24.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "lord flints volunteer", "date": "08-13-2015, 06:08 PM", "post": "Subbing in.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_25.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by lord flints volunteer Subbing in.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-13-2015, 06:38 PM", "post": "You can subscribe to any thread without posting! Just click on \"thread tools\" at the red bar on top of each thread page and a drop down menu will appear and click 'subscribe'.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_26.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut Fading Light helped me realize that I already knew much of this, even though I didn't know that I already knew. I'll post some of the more relevant quotes later tonight.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "08-13-2015, 08:03 PM", "post": "There is a saying:\"Jews do not worship G-d, G-d worships them.\" Rabbinical literature abounds with stories about Jews out arguing G-d. The Catholic Church made Jews into what they are. They only allowed them into money lending and the jewelry trade. The Church allowed the Jews to prey on Whites because they were useful financially to the church. Over the last 2,000 years, the genetic effects have become dramatic. Anti-Semitism is the mother's milk of Jewry. Persecution from Whites has resulted in the Jews being the world's experts at circling the wagons. Such persecution has had a genetic effect when it comes their heightened sense of racial consciousness. It is no exaggeration that they believe that they are the chosen people. Pograms over the last 2,000 years have repeatedly killed off the dumbest Jews which has had an huge eugenic effect on the race.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_27.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-13-2015, 08:40 PM", "post": "Ok, just for clarification........ Is it jewry or jewery.........or either or?", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_28.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut Ok, just for clarification........ Is it jewry or jewery.........or either or?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Tin Omen", "date": "08-13-2015, 09:55 PM", "post": "Jewry.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_29.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut I hope you took the time to read the above post, and realize how well that describes the jew. Oh, by the way........that was an article written about how to deal with a narcissist. I basically swapped out the two words. Amazing how accurate it is, no?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Jomsviking14", "date": "08-14-2015, 12:16 AM", "post": "Yes, it is amazingly accurate. I have no expertise in the field of psychology, but what you posted above is very much jewish behavior and actions, smug, a sense of entitlement, a greatly exaggerated sense of self importance and complete disregard for anyone else. The flip side to them is that they are, or can be a very alluring people when they are trying to get something from you or out of you. Very skilled in manipulation. Back to your original post, (yes, i read it twice) you are spot on in the fact that the secular jews do not have this great common tribal loyalty. The reason why these \"warm jews\" are so eager and willing to cooperate is not only the immediate financial gain, but also the future financial/political/whatever gains. There are also the run of the mill, white neo con douche bags that associate with them and act just like them, for all intents and purposes they behave just like the secular jews. Anyway, good post. I'll be following this one.", "page": 3, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_30.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-14-2015, 01:18 AM", "post": "I'll touch on how I think this understanding is relevant in the morning over my coffee.......or at least I hope so.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_31.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut This is from another thread We Need to become more like the Jews In it, we were discussing certain \"traits\" that jews use to their advantage. In the back and forth between myself and Fading Light, we illustrated that there's a difference between a trait (ie a tool) and motivation for using such a trait. It's a fairly long, but good read as we began getting closer and closer to the heart of the matter. And it was her repeated clarification on their motivations that helped me realize that it's much more than just \"self serving\", but actual narcissism or borderline......and why we have such a difficult time actually thinking like them, thus really understanding them. We rationalize it through our own (racial) solipsism. The repeated viewpoint that they \"cheat a lot\" is an interesting one to me, as it implies that the jews \"don't play by the rules\". Well, what are the rules? Whose rules are they? Once again, looking through our own solipsistic lens, the jews do cheat......when in reality they are playing by an entirely separate set of rules that seem quite abhorrent to us (for several good reasons). The rules they play with are inherently \"unfair\" to the opposing side......there is no \"equal footing\" for those they are playing against because, nobody else matters to a narcissist but themselves. And our view of them cheating, once again, is an attempt to rationalize a behavior or characteristic through our own experience and frame of reference.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Brh111", "date": "08-14-2015, 01:26 AM", "post": "We definitely need to stick up for each other, and support each other as Gentiles, the way they do each other. We act like islands to ourselves refusing to help out our fellow White kin. Jews back each other no matter what they do. If Bill Gates and Warren Buffett the few rich non Jews in existence would support Kevin Macdonald or Stormfront or any pro White or Christian causes it'd be astonishingly like the Jews behave.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_32.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Brh111", "date": "08-14-2015, 01:30 AM", "post": "Another amazing trait they have is to never feel guilty for their crimes or have introspection. Us White Europeans are always feeling guilty or remorseful for the past, while Jews kill Palestinians and feel no shame or guilt, thieve people blind on Wall Street and feel no guilt, lie in media and Hollywood yet feel no guilt, and the Bolshevik revolution. Where is this Jewish guilt we always hear about, they feel none of it. They have been expelled 109 times and yet they never ever look at their own behavior as part of the reason. It is always everybody else's fault.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_33.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Schzlacta", "date": "08-14-2015, 01:59 AM", "post": "Interesting post here, very well written. I will keep these points in mind for the future.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_34.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Brh111 Another amazing trait they have is to never feel guilty for their crimes or have introspection. Us White Europeans are always feeling guilty or remorseful for the past, while Jews kill Palestinians and feel no shame or guilt, thieve people blind on Wall Street and feel no guilt, lie in media and Hollywood yet feel no guilt, and the Bolshevik revolution. Where is this Jewish guilt we always hear about, they feel none of it. They have been expelled 109 times and yet they never ever look at their own behavior as part of the reason. It is always everybody else's fault.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "08-14-2015, 05:56 PM", "post": "Jews can indeed feel guilt. (TFW) Suppose one of them sold something for 100 shekels that they find out later they could have sold for 200 shekels. What they feel then roughly corresponds to guilt in Whites. In like manner if one of them pays 200 shekels for something that they later find on sale for 100 shekels they will feel a similar guilt.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_35.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by trojancowboy Jews can indeed feel guilt. (TFW) Suppose one of them sold something for 100 shekels that they find out later they could have sold for 200 shekels. What they feel then roughly corresponds to guilt in Whites. In like manner if one of them pays 200 shekels for something that they later find on sale for 100 shekels they will feel a similar guilt.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "08-14-2015, 06:22 PM", "post": "Guilt and anger at their own stupidity (which of course will be blamed on outside factors which in turn infuriates them even more) is not the same thing, not by a long shot. Jews and narcissists do not feel guilt. At all. Ever.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_36.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "I am Ireland", "date": "08-14-2015, 07:14 PM", "post": "My people need to know the truth....Period These people that are known as Jews...particularly at the top of the pyramid are literally the spawn of Satan Study your Bible for the truth about the Jews and Israel....not the church's view...the Bible's view...... Jesus says it in Revelation 2-9 They say they are Jews but are not but are the synagogue of Satan.....what do You think he meant?.....He meant just what he said....As he said in John 8-44....Ye are of your Father the Devil and of his works you shall do I need no more convincing....I know....there's a dual seedline....It took the late Arnold Murray to convince my wife.....I already knew Take a look on that dollar bill....(owned by those Kenite Jews)....That eye on top of the pyramid ain't God's eye...that's Horus You are dealing with people who have been spreading evil since the beginning of this Earth age.....Only Jesus Christ will defeat them for Good", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_37.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut Guilt and anger at their own stupidity (which of course will be blamed on outside factors which in turn infuriates them even more) is not the same thing, not by a long shot. Jews and narcissists do not feel guilt. At all. Ever.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "08-14-2015, 07:19 PM", "post": "It is not possible for Jews and Whites to understand each other's emotions. They are different species. Many say that Jews are not human. I was merely pointing out certain similarities that MIGHT be called guilt in each species.", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_38.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by trojancowboy It is not possible for Jews and Whites to understand each other's emotions. They are different species. Many say that Jews are not human. I was merely pointing out certain similarities that MIGHT be called guilt in each species.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "I am Ireland", "date": "08-14-2015, 07:23 PM", "post": "Their DNA is different....many of them have RH negative blood....but more than that if you read my above post and you know what really happened in the Garden of Eden.....you'll know the truth....it's extremely hard for most people to get their mind around....they are the spawn of Satan", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_39.NAF"}, {"citation": "\u0093The nature of the Jewish mode of thinking is such that it functions quite differently to the normal understanding. The Jew thinks, as it were, round the corner; his thoughts travel by the opposite path to the natural one. Whilst the Aryan intelligence directs itself towards production and building up, the Jew is meditating everywhere on confusion and exhaustion, on ruin and dismemberment. He seeks his advantage in the injuries of others, his advancement in the oppression of his fellow men, who do not happen to be Jews. \u0093Jewish thought is always of a negative nature; the Jew is the born bacillus of decomposition. Hence it is that a healthy human mode of thinking can only follow the Jewish speculative machinations with great difficulty; and for the same reason, the Jew remains an incomprehensible being to the majority of mankind. The Jew is well acquainted with our mode of thinking and feeling, but we know nothing about his. The Jew reckons with certainty upon our straight forward conclusions, but we are quite unable to keep step with his crooked thoughts. The Jew therefore seldom makes a miscalculation when dealing with a German, but the German almost always, when dealing with the Jew. \u0093The Jew tries to guide our thoughts into a direction where he can follow their sequence closely \u0097 so closely that we are bound to fall into the trap laid for us. He has learnt to think the thoughts of other men in advance; we, however, have not practised the art of following the zigzag workings of his mind. And thus the Jew has acquired an apparent superiority over us which, however, in the final analysis, is only based on a habitual perversion of the natural way of thinking and feeling. His whole endeavour has but one aim, namely, to direct the impulses and activities of others in order to misuse the same. The Jew is not a natural being with straightforward impulses; everything in him is diverted and perverted. His warped mind is simply a machine for provoking and harassing. Anyone who has not gradually learned to know the eccentricity and subtlety of the Jewish mode of thinking by long personal intercourse with Jews themselves \u0097 and naturally very few Christians have the opportunity to gain this experience \u0097 is quite incapable of pursuing the Jewish train of thought unless he has obtained insight into the true Jewish spirit by reading the Rabbinical writings. Everything there \u0097 based on direct denial of reason and morality \u0097 is turned topsy-turvy, and is directed against the natural feelings and disposition of humanity. He, who has not studied, in some measure, the books of the Talmud, will never come to a right understanding concerning the Jews. \u0093All the motives and activities of the Jewish brain are directed towards obtaining advantage and material gain. And, in spite of this, the Jew imagines that, especially with regard to morality, he is a very exalted being. No one speaks more effusively about ethical values than the Jews, but whoever takes the trouble to examine what they understand by that expression, discovers that they mean the art of seeking their advantage by means of the understanding, under the pretext that they are engaged in some praise-worthy and unselfish effort. If one wished to sum up Jewish morality in one concise phrase, it would read as follows: \u0093All is moral which brings advantage.\u0094 The Jew is incapable of applying a higher standard to the values in life than that of advantage or profit. \u0093The Jewish perception can be formulated in yet another way: \u0093Morality is the art of overreaching other people, and of creating, at the same time, the impression of a benevolent disposition \u0097 in fact, of representing what is in reality an offence against others as an act of charity.\u0094 (During the recent war, we had ample opportunity of admiring with what masterly skill this doctrine was put into practice by the English statesmen, who had graduated in the Talmudic school.) \u0093Sombart quotes one passage from the \u0093Universal treasure house of Commerce\u0094, which presents the sound morality of a merchant of the old school in the most striking contrast to the present day Jewish perception. \u0093If you happen to be the sole possessor of a particular class of goods, you are entitled to a fair and honest profit, that is to say, your conscience must be satisfied that you have not exceeded what is Christian like, and your mind must be at rest upon this point.\u0094 The Jew is incapable of understanding a moral summons like the above; it would, in fact, excite his derision. The religious and moral command had always the first consideration in all Christian business in olden times; it remained for the Jew to chase all morality out of the economic world. He regards everything which brings profit as permissible. He has made the mammonistic idea the dominating influence in our life, with his dogma: \u0093He who serves Mammon pleases God\u0094 \u0097 for the real God of the Jew is Mammon, a fact which, Karl Marx, himself of Jewish descent, openly admitted.\u0094", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "dhorje", "date": "08-14-2015, 07:34 PM", "post": "Fritsch explains it very lucidly:", "page": 4, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_40.NAF"}, {"citation": "The Nature Of The Jewish Mode Of Thinking | Renegade Tribune \u0093The Jew tries to guide our thoughts into a direction where he can follow their sequence closely \u0097 so closely that we are bound to fall into the trap laid for us. He has learnt to think the thoughts of other men in advance; we, however, have not practised the art of following the zigzag workings of his mind.\"", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "08-14-2015, 08:06 PM", "post": "I was not aware of the work of Theodor Fritsch, of Blessed Memory. I recommend that everyone read https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodor_Fritsch . This quote is a better version of the mystery of the Jew mind that I was trying to explain.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_41.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "dhorje", "date": "08-15-2015, 08:03 PM", "post": "My mind has been plagued with the problem of the Jews for about six years now. It's difficult to wrap your mind around something that is constantly warping like the Jewish minds, isn't it? As far as interpreting human behavior in this way, i.e. psycho-pathologically, against what objective paradigm of man do you propose a defect of mind? Albeit a few unsavory character traits may have crystallized in their DNA from generations of inbreeding, I would peer through this configuration through a more Nietzschean lens. What the Heebs manifested is the Will to Power , which to many is the most fundamental and observable human instinct and impetus for action. We in the West have been so lost in an ideological fugue state, Semitic \" utopian messianism \", we can no longer perceive when we are being spiritually manipulated by an aggressive, implacable enemy who seeks to dominate and supersede us. The Will to Power is brutish or subtle; it can appear in religious garb or mass murder; as \"totaler krieg\" or artistic sublimation. To be cruel is \"natural\", or at least not \"unnatural.\" That being said, one may just as well peer at these rats through the lens of Christianity, which IMHO is one of the best ways to wrap your mind around their depraved minds.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_42.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "08-25-2015, 03:10 PM", "post": "OK, , you are implying much of the jew behavior is individualistic. We all hear the term \"Organized Jewry\". Hence, don't they get together with other jews and act collectively?", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_43.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-01-2015, 02:39 AM", "post": "Here are a couple of items of interest: Examples of jew insanity in areas of \"science\" - a SF thread: Autism is Natural, a 'Neurodiversity', and 'Desirable' The Primacy Of Jewish Genes; by Gilad Atzmon By Gilad Atzmon The Guardian reported this week that a study of Holocaust survivors revealed that the Jewish trauma is passed on to its children's genes. The conclusion from a research team at New York\u2019s Mount Sinai hospital led by Rachel Yehuda stems from the genetic study of 32 Jewish men and women who had either been interned in a Nazi concentration camp, witnessed or experienced torture or who had had to hide during the second world war. Unlike The Guardian, that published a dry report of this 'scientific revelation', I am puzzled. What is the meaning of this scientific news? Does it suggest that the kids of Holocaust survivors are better adapted to the next holocaust or does it suggest alternatively that the heirs of Shoah survivors have inherited the trauma and are now entitled to German reparation money until the end of time? On the other hand, if Zionists are telling the truth and Jews have been persecuted throughout their history and the Jewish past is dotted with holocausts, then one would expect the \u2018trauma gene\u2019 to be widely spread amongst Jews anyway. I am confused. It is obvious that Rachel Yehuda, her Jewish team and the Jewish hospital were particularly interested in Jewish genes and Jewish suffering, but are the new findings universal? What about African Americans who survived slavery and who are still subject to institutional discrimination and constant abuse, are they also passing their trauma through their genes or is it only Jews who possess this special physiological capacity? And what about the people who suffer at the hands of Jewish nationalism or Israeli terror? Did Yehuda bother to find out whether Palestinians are also passing genetic information to their successors? Obviously not and for a good reason. Unlike the Nazi Judeocide that had a start and an end in time, the on-going Palestinian plight has no foreseeable end. The babies born in Gaza today do not need to inherit trauma from their parents through genetics; trauma will be delivered to them directly by the Israeli army and the Israeli air force. In the years that followed the Shoah, some Jewish psychologists and writers expounded on the meaning of post-traumatic stress disorder (Post-TSD). I have always been confused by the term. I grew up in Israel and was surrounded by many Holocaust survivors - people with numbers tattooed on their arms. Some of them suffered enormously along the war. Yet they were generally quite ordinary people. Some were kind, others less so, some were clever and charming, others not so much. The Holocaust was not much of an issue for them as far as I could tell. They wanted to get away from that life. If anything they tried to forget. But often their children were slightly different. Many were overwhelmingly possessed by the Shoah and made it into their new religion. My study of the Holocaust religion led me to define the notion of PRE Traumatic Stress disorder (Pre-TSD) - the unique ability to be tormented by an imaginary fictional event in the phantasmic future. It is the Pre-TSD condition that makes contemporary Jewish politics into a dangerous affair for Jews and the rest of us. It is Pre-TSD that enables the sufferer to see an existential threat everywhere and in anything. If I am correct about Pre-TSD, we may even learn that within the context of Jewish trauma, it is the children who pass trauma onto the genes of their survivor parents. I am certain that Mount Sinai and Rachel Yehuda can find at least 32 members of that community that would support such post-epigenetic findings. Meanwhile, we are clearly moving into a new phase in the study of collective Jewish phobia. The Jewish trauma now resides in the genes reports the Guardian. If true, the Holocaust religion is now forever engraved in Jewish physiology. This is devastating news for anti Semites and Jew haters \u2013 no point in tormenting the Jews anymore for the Jews are born tormented.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_44.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-03-2015, 02:07 PM", "post": "The Jew is always modest until it has control.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_45.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-04-2015, 11:40 PM", "post": "Hope this helps: Commenter Holocaust Survivors Gone Wild explained this pretty nicely in series of comments: Fear and Loathing and Treason \u0096 Part 2 | Age of Treason [end] HSGW has also commented: Fear and Loathing and Treason \u0096 Part 2 | Age of Treason [end] AND this: I [end] and this: [end] and this: [end] and this: [end] and this: Whites must first realize that they have an external enemy. This is how I woke up: I learned that there is a group of people who are behind everything that is destroying the West. Once I knew there was an external enemy, then I proceeded to fix my internal pathologies. This is how you wake Whites up, not by telling them that have innate pathologies or inborn altruism. This is far too abstract for most people, and it\u0092s also disingenuous, because these pathologies were created by jews, an external enemy.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_46.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt OK, Gilamut , you are implying much of the jew behavior is individualistic. We all hear the term \"Organized Jewry\". Hence, don't they get together with other jews and act collectively?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-05-2015, 07:34 AM", "post": "Sorry, I've been traveling for work for over a week and haven't been keeping up lately......at least not very well. Yes, there is such a thing as \"Organized Jewry\" - to a point. The thing that I was attempting to point out is that the motivations for such is not what we would automatically assume. When we think of organizing, we automatically consider doing such as an act for our (race, community, society, etc) betterment. We do so in an attempt to not only make our lives better, but take into consideration the overall social impact it will have on those outside of our specific group, attempting to mitigate and minimize any damage, destruction, or negative impact for our neighbors. While any possible negative impact is not the overriding concern, it is still a concern because we typically believe that by bettering our own group lives, it will eventually have a positive impact on greater society. Jews don't do this, or at least not in the same way for the same type of reason. It is a completely foreign concept to them. The average person just doesn't have the personal life experiences to understand the motivations behind what they do, as it just doesn't make any sense to us......it's madness.......so we apply our own \"filter\" to what we see them doing. And in doing so, we completely misjudge and misunderstand them. We attempt to look at what they are doing, and what they may do next so we can attempt to counter. But because we have such a lack of understanding, we end up missing the mark. We say..... \"If I were them, this is what I'd do next because of this, that, and the other.\" And we almost always end up wrong, because we are NOT them, and they don't behave, react, or plan in similar fashions as we do (on a general racial level). What we see in \"organized jewry\" is akin to a conglomeration of predatory business CEO's. These CEO's and their respective businesses, do not band together to push an agenda because they care about any other peson or entity within the group, but solely for the personal profit it will make each of them. And they certainly don't care who or what is laid to waste in their path. The overriding potential for personal gain (can achieve more as a group than individual effort) barely keeps the alliance together as long as all parties involved cannot be taken advantage of. The moment a party within the alliance shows a weakness that can be exploited, the rest of the group reacts like a rabid pack of hyena's, destroying and taking for their own. From the outside looking in, they present what appears to be a unified front, and do not allow outsiders to attack their position. Not because there is any real unity or loyalty, but because of individual self interest. Our lack of understanding is so profound, because we are crippled by our own views and ways of thinking. Let's put it like this. A WN friend of mine have talked about jews quite a bit, and our lack of understanding them. He routinely says: \"The first thing a jew thinks about in the morning when they wake up is how they are going to screw over a goyim that day. We have a hard time wrapping our heads around that way of thinking.\" I completely disagree with him. I've responded repeatedly: \"No, you're wrong. That's what a white man trying to act like a jew would do. The first thing a jew does in the morning is check his bank balance to see how much money he's made overnight while he was sleeping. He then check on his 'partners' to make sure none of them are gaining an advantage over him. THEN he thinks about how he's going to screw over that day.\" A normal person just can't comprehend this level of self absorbtion. I'm not a normal person, so I can reasonably identify with them and have a unique personal insight into their behaviors and motivations.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_47.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-05-2015, 04:27 PM", "post": "Thanks, Gilamut. for your belated response. What about pressure groups like AIPAC and ADL, etc. (there are thousands of jewish political groups)? I suppose such groups act more collectively?", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_48.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-05-2015, 07:48 PM", "post": "-Mein Kampf", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_49.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Thanks, Gilamut. for your belated response. What about pressure groups like AIPAC and ADL, etc. (there are thousands of jewish political groups)? I suppose such groups act more collectively?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-07-2015, 09:36 AM", "post": "Trying to tie up the last remaining loose ends, so this will be brief. Each jewish group acts more independantly than collectively, as far as I see it. We don't see much cross over or publicly joint efforts between these groups. I can think of two reasons why off the top of my head. #1 - Each group has their own slice of the pie, and doesn't want to share it with the others. We have our lane, you have your lane type of mentality. #2 - By themselves, these groups wield a large amount of power and influence. But because they are viewed as an independant special interest group, nobody pays much attention. And when people do start paying attention, the immediate defense is \"we are small, and represent a tiny, oppressed people\". If these groups publicly start working together, they would no longer be able to use that defense because even a blind man could see that it is a huge conglomeration, wielding a disproportionately large amount of power. That would make them a massive target for the disenfranchised and those that have anti-establishment sentiments.", "page": 5, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_50.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-07-2015, 03:47 PM", "post": "Does the OP (the post, not the poster ) help explain why jew hate Europeans? https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1119363/ (Unfortunately, I won't understand the radio talk )", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_51.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Does the OP (the post, not the poster ) help explain why jew hate Europeans? https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1119363/ (Unfortunately, I won't understand the radio talk )", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "lord flints volunteer", "date": "09-07-2015, 04:55 PM", "post": "It could be survival instinct. They get thrown out by White countries over the centuries. Their worst enemy is a White Nationalist society which will expel them as outsiders. So they try to destroy the foundations for a Govt like this occurring by destroying native society.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_52.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Still Here", "date": "09-07-2015, 05:08 PM", "post": "The one and only admirable quality of the Jews and one Whites would do well to copy is their undying unity and love for their people above all others.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_53.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Still Here The one and only admirable quality of the Jews and one Whites would do well to copy is their undying unity and love for their people above all others. Originally Posted by vikingcelt Does the OP (the post, not the poster ) help explain why jew hate Europeans? https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1119363/ (Unfortunately, I won't understand the radio talk )", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-07-2015, 06:02 PM", "post": "<sigh> Does nobody read a thread before they post in it anymore? If you look at it through the prism of this thread, it makes perfect sense. Egomaniacs and narcissists despise those that they secretly or subconsciously see as better than they, and are driven to destroy them to to reaffirm their own, over inflated sense of self importance.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_54.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-08-2015, 12:17 PM", "post": "Thanks, Gilamut, for the reply. What about the Rothschilds of Europe? Are they narcissistic? All I know is they do things behind the scenes - they're generally more secretive. They are not publicly boasting this & that like most narcissists do.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_55.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-08-2015, 07:05 PM", "post": "As a child I sat at the dinner table with my parents who often spoke of international (namely third world) conflict. I looked in the mirror once after hearing about these matters I could not fully understand, and I thought, \"what is wrong with the world?\" It seemed that to me, if people were just like me as I assumed, these problems must be too complicated for the mortal to understand. Of course as I grew in age, I realized the insignificance of many people's psychological makeup, but as a child I didn't know that being white had any significance on my own. I never connected so many problems to this soft-eyed and generous looking character I had known of a Jew, as at the time I didn't know they were Jewish. It never occurred to me that his nature of being both the benefactor of humanity (sarcasm) and entirely successful were at the root of societal disarray. I did not know of such a nature! It never even occurred to me that I was different from him, because I had been taught it would be medieval to think so. I eventually traced this idea back to him lol", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_56.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Evropa2030 It never occurred to me that his nature of being both the benefactor of humanity (sarcasm) and entirely successful were at the root of societal disarray.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "dhorje", "date": "09-08-2015, 07:45 PM", "post": "Well said. I don't know how many of you are familiar with this, one of the many intellectually-depraved concepts found within this particular tribe of degenerates: Tikkun olam. [ Wiki ] They really believe they're here to repair the world, but there is of course a caveat, i.e. they cannot repair something that isn't yet broken. When I was first waking up to the Jewish problem, I had realized that they were hoisting all this moral depravity onto society for a very singular reason. The more people are aligned with their base desires, the more controllable they are. But I had also (naively) believed that the Jews were immune themselves to the depravity they promote. How wrong I was. In fact, they are at the forefront of it all. The leaders in all things decadent and degenerate. There is a cognitive dissonance endemic to the masses to justify their indolence, cowardice and selfish hedonistic refusal to endure the hardships and sacrifice in doing their duty to defend the right (but of course in realizing ones duty, they cease being indolent, cowardly and selfish). This statement is somewhat reminiscent of the essay, Strauss: As Writer and Confessor. Here, Nietzsche comes up with the term, cultural philistine . If you read the essay and replace this with, cultural Marxist , everything still holds true. An Untimely Meditation it was... If I had to put it in my own words, the Jew is a shameless coward, at heart. We may peer at their behavior through many different lenses. IMO observing their behavior from a psychological standpoint is not beneficial, for a couple of reason. Mainly, for them it can easily become an excuse, especially those Jews who might fall on the lower end of the spectrum. Basically, it could easily become a cop out, for them. Secondly, is there a benefit in observing their behavior this way? Again, against what objective paradigm are these Heebs manifesting their mental illnesses? They know exactly what they're doing. I've always felt there are two types of Evil, and although both types are ultimately borne from ignorance, the first type is plainly ignorance; however, the person who has a conscience learns of what they've done, corrects their behavior and moves on with their lives, bettering themselves (and maybe others too) in the process. Then there are the wicked, i.e. those who know what they are doing, while they're doing it. This type is borne from ignorance too but more-so on the metaphysical level, e.g. as Jesus said on the cross, \"Forgive them...\"", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_57.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by dhorje Well said. ........ IMO observing their behavior from a psychological standpoint is not beneficial, for a couple of reason. Mainly, for them it can easily become an excuse, especially those Jews who might fall on the lower end of the spectrum. Basically, it could easily become a cop out, for them. ........ https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1116738-19#184 Jury to weigh death penalty for K.C. Jewish sites shooter - CBS News ....... During his closing argument, Miller said he had been \"floating on a cloud\" since the killings. Earlier, he objected when District Attorney Steve Howe alleged that he wanted to kill as many people as possible. Miller interjected: \"I wanted to kill Jews, not people.\" ......", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "09-08-2015, 09:37 PM", "post": "There are many who say that Jews are not human. Glenn Miller is one of them. It is an open question. (TFW) If they are not human all this makes more sense.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_58.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by trojancowboy There are many who say that Jews are not human. Glenn Miller is one of them. It is an open question. (TFW) If they are not human all this makes more sense.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-08-2015, 10:27 PM", "post": "Ok, he is a murderer, and I do not agree with killing Jewish people. I don't know what is wrong with you, but you are making WN look very unscrupulous.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_59.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Evropa2030 Ok, he is a murderer, and I do not agree with killing Jewish people. I don't know what is wrong with you, but you are making WN look very unscrupulous.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "09-08-2015, 10:33 PM", "post": "The point is that attempting to apply standards of human behavior to Jews is largely meaningless. They are arguably a different species.", "page": 6, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_60.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Evropa2030 Ok, he is a murderer, and I do not agree with killing Jewish people. I don't know what is wrong with you, but you are making WN look very unscrupulous.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-08-2015, 11:38 PM", "post": "Glenn Miller was convicted for killing 3 whites, not jews. Those 3 dead whites just happened to be at a jewish center when Miller shot them.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_61.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by trojancowboy The point is that attempting to apply standards of human behavior to Jews is largely meaningless. They are arguably a different species.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Meritocrat", "date": "09-08-2015, 11:45 PM", "post": "Let's not go off the rails here. Greed and narcissism are human traits, it just happens the Jews have them in greater amounts than we do. Sometimes the simplest explanation is the best...", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_62.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Meritocrat Let's not go off the rails here. Greed and narcissism are human traits, it just happens the Jews have them in greater amounts than we do. Sometimes the simplest explanation is the best... The Jew is immunized against all dangers: one may call him a scoundrel, parasite, swindler, profiteer, it all runs off him like water off a raincoat. But call him a Jew and you will be astonished at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: \u201cI\u2019ve been found out.\u201d To communicate anything to a Goy about our religious relations would be equal to the killing of all Jews, for if the Goyim knew what we teach about them, they would kill us openly. Libbre David 37", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "dhorje", "date": "09-09-2015, 11:36 AM", "post": "To describe behavior from a psychological perspective can be useful and beneficial in certain contexts, but for us vis-a-vis the Jews, it is IMO not beneficial. Look at the famous Goebbels quote for a second because I think it highlights my point: One might as well add narcissist, psychopath, sociopath, etc... to that list because to the Jew, it is, again, water off a tin roof. After studying these people for 6 years, I was always hard-pressed to explain their behavior and although each explanation is true to a certain degree, the only satisfactory answer I came up with personally in describing their behavior is plainly, \"They're Jews, and this is what the Jews do.\" As Goebbels pointed out, the Jews don't like certain aspects of their behavior to be described as particularly Jewish . They would much rather have you describe it as \"narcissistic, parasitic, etc...\" This is because the Jew has adopted an ideology that sets himself up in opposition to the rest of humanity, and the source of this ideology is their \"Judaism\", i.e. Talmudic Messianism. So calling them these names results in maybe painting a more complete picture of their behavior, but all of this is a symptom of their Judaism.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_63.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by trojancowboy The point is that attempting to apply standards of human behavior to Jews is largely meaningless. They are arguably a different species.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-09-2015, 09:51 PM", "post": "They just lie. But if you hadn't studied them closely, you'd think they're white.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_64.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-09-2015, 10:22 PM", "post": "Missing the point. This is not about \"calling\" them anything. It isn't even about \"describing\" them. It's about classifying them in known terms to better understand them, really understand them. Labeling them and their actions as \"Jewish\" does nothing to help anyone define what they do and why, let alone reasonably predict what they may do next. Why does the average WN struggle with the realization that Jews would and have done things that are completely counter to their own (Jews) interests? WNs scratch their heads because it makes no logical sense to them because they (WN) would never act that way. Meanwhile, it makes perfect sense to the narcissist, who shares many of the same traits thought process, motivation, and emotional reactions as the average jew. It doesn't surprise me that there is resistance to the views I'm putting forth. It's like looking into the mind of madness and attempting to rationalize it in your own terms as opposed to truly understanding it. You've spent 6 years studying the Jew and were always hard pressed to understand why they do what they do. I've been a borderline narcissist for 40 years. I understand pretty damned well.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_65.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "byuu", "date": " 09-10-2015, 03:21 AM", "post": "If the Cluster B Personality Disorders could ever be cured not only the white race but all the races of the planet would no longer have a Jewish problem on our collective hands I'd wager. I've long believed Jews are simply a psychopathic collective and whatever few miniscule \"good\" Jews that are out there that have ever appeared such as the late Bobby Fischer somehow managed to escape being afflicted with this all too common mental condition of their people somehow. It is said that rarely do mental illnesses ever come alone (meaning a person usually has more than one) so I'm sure there's some narcissistic personality disorder (also a Cluster B Personality Disorder) overlap there or even vice versa.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_66.NAF"}, {"citation": "Superficially charming, psychopaths tend to make a good first impression on others and often strike observers as remarkably normal. Yet they are self-centered, dishonest and undependable, and at times they engage in irresponsible behavior for no apparent reason other than the sheer fun of it. Largely devoid of guilt, empathy and love, they have casual and callous interpersonal and romantic relationships. Psychopaths routinely offer excuses for their reckless and often outrageous actions, placing blame on others instead. They rarely learn from their mistakes or benefit from negative feedback, and they have difficulty inhibiting their impulses.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-10-2015, 07:56 AM", "post": "Top 10 Careers Choices for Psychopaths In some fields, being a psychopath is actually a great way to get ahead. Are you a psychopath? Happens to the best of us. James Fallon, a neuroscientist studying Alzheimer\u0092s effects on the brain, accidentally discovered that he was a psychopath and then he wrote a book about the experience. Fallon, like most people with psychopathic brains, wasn\u0092t a violent person or a serial killer. But after discovering his brain pathology, he beganinterviewing friends, relatives and loved ones to see if there had been signs of psychopathy in his behavior all along. It turned out there were plenty. The diagnosis befuddled Fallon, but made total sense to pretty much everyone else in his life. ust 1 percent of the overall population qualifies as psychopaths; in prison, that number skyrockets to 25 percent. Robert Hare developed the Hare Psychopathy Checklist in the 1980s, and it\u0092s since become a tool widely used for assessing and diagnosing the condition. Contrary to popular notions, lots of psychopaths aren\u0092t raging lunatics or violent criminals; in fact, most of them get along perfectly well in society. As Scientific American explains: Kevin Dutton, an Oxford psychologist and the author of The Wisdom of Psychopaths: What Saints, Spies, and Serial Killers Can Teach Us About Success, believes that psychopathy can actually be advantageous in some careers. Using (not the most scientific) survey, he compiled a list of careers in which psychopaths are overrepresented. Mostly, they\u0092re fields where the hallmarks of psychopathy allow people not just to get by but to thrive and succeed. (It\u0092s been suggested more than once, for example, that corporate psychopaths caused the most recent financial crisis.) List and commentary at link Top 10 Careers Choices for Psychopaths | The Money Zone", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_67.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "09-10-2015, 09:40 AM", "post": "This is a must have paperback from Amazon at about $14. The Jew currency trader Soros is a classic psychpath. I am out of reps for our self processed psychopath.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_68.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-10-2015, 01:41 PM", "post": "How to be like a Jew: 1) Disguise yourself as a white person. 2) Flood people with images on what it means to be a Jew (Media). 3) Become rich by corrupting everyone (Porn, corporate control, propaganda, using the holocaust, political threats). 4) Use minorities as a peace-maker, making them strong. 5) Blame the moral depravity and corruption of society on Europeans when Jews are the ones controlling public life in it's entirely through lies, propaganda and blackmail. 6) Gain more power. Make people weak, make minorities strong. Leveraging people to their own end, skin them raw, and then blame them for their own self-destruction. LIES LIES LIES, and then repeat. JEWISH PEOPLE ARE THE END OF MORALITY.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_69.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "09-10-2015, 03:21 PM", "post": "I would like to add that white people are not in reality in control, and what are we going to do with Europe? It's like 30% non-white.", "page": 7, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_70.NAF"}, {"citation": "Alfie Kohn, in Punished by Rewards (1993), documents with copious research how behavior modification works best on dependent, powerless, infantilized, bored, and institutionalized people. And so for authorities who get a buzz from controlling others, this creates a terrifying incentive to construct a society that creates dependent, powerless, infantilized, bored, and institutionalized people.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-12-2015, 10:55 AM", "post": "Here's a good thread - gives insight on understanding the jew: Why Are Americans So Easy to Manipulate and Control? From the link in the OP:", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_71.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt What about the Rothschilds of Europe? Are they narcissistic? All I know is they do things behind the scenes - they're generally more secretive. They are not publicly boasting this & that like most narcissists do. The Vulnerable Narcissistic Personality Vulnerable narcissists (VN's) tend to be more sensitive, often see themselves as victims of those who don't understand how superior they are. Just like those with BPD, vulnerable narcissists tend to be preoccupied with fears of rejection and abandonment. They and may feel helpless, anxious and depressed when people don't treat them as they desire. VN's appear to be over-compensating for low self-esteem and a deep-seated sense of shame that may date back to early childhood. They developed the behaviors as a coping mechanism to deal with neglect, abuse or a dismissive style of parent-child attachment. Vulnerable NPs tend to swing back and forth between showing off and feeling hurt, and appear to be trying to prove they are superior to others and themselves. In adult partner relationships, VNs care about how their partners see them. Partners often make the mistake of pointing out their vulnerabilities in an effort to change the partner's opinion. Any effort to hold them responsible for their own behavior may result in a defensive, attacking response or a self-destructive response. They often try various ways of getting treated with respect while still remaining in the relationship. They may have hidden affairs, yet accuse the other partner of having affairs and may be obsessive about preventing that from happening. Invulnerable Narcissistic Personality Invulnerable narcissists tend to be less sensitive and more confident. They know they are superior and will seek revenge or go into a vicious rage against those who don't treat them as superior or dare to give them negative feedback. They appear to have no sense of shame about themselves and truly have very high self-esteem. Their parents or caregivers may have treated them as superior from early childhood, so that they are not compensating for anything. They're simply acting out their expectations. In adult partner relationships, they don't care as much about how their partners see them and may easily walk out of the relationship if they don't get the respect and admiration they think they deserve. They may openly have multiple relationships/affairs and pride themselves on how many people see how wonderful they are. In common with those with antisocial personality disorder (ASPD), they can be very aggressive and dominance-seeking without empathy or remorse. As you can see, depending upon which narcissist you're involved with-and any comorbid BPD or antisocial personality they might have--you'll have somewhat different challenges.They both have many things in common as well, such as needing power and control, lack of empathy, using others for narcissistic supply, blaming and criticizing, and refusing to accept responsibility for any relationship problems.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-13-2015, 09:05 AM", "post": "Many people don't realize that there are different types, and subtypes of narcissism, how their ego's and lack of empathy manifest themselves and what the driving force is behind their narcissism. There are also different sub-types as well. So, when it comes to working \"behind\" the scenes, I don't see it being much of an issue that would cause conflict with their personality. Even in the case of a jew pulling the strings from the shadows........ (in the shadows with them). On top of this, they will also have very public endeavors going simultaneously where they can bask in the greater adulation of the general masses.", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_72.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Peter1996", "date": "09-13-2015, 09:26 PM", "post": "Yes, i always felt like i 'got' them, as in, understood how they are and why they do it. But there is no comparison between the Jews level of in-human functioning, alien functioning, to that of a supposed 'narcissist'. Jews are highly functional, and even saying 'jews' is one character too many, they are just Jew. They all act in the interest of their self, and that benefits all other Jews too, as they all have the same self, though 'elite' jews do conspire together physically, it seems more that jews are bonded, their 'soul' is one, and all that is, is the destruction of everything external. As the Jew cannot control what has not already been destroyed on some level, so the more they destroy the more control they need, to not be found out, this means they will have to keep on destroying, or else, be destroyed. So the jew cannot stop, it doesn't chose to do what it does, it IS what it does. it cannot stop destroying, and is doomed as it knows it will be destroyed once we know what its done, and the only way for us to not know is to destroy us faster and more efficiently, which only makes it more likely for us to realize, and destroy it back. Here comes the difference, humans cannot be 'narcissists', the JEW is what it does, it destroys not out of low self esteem or jealousy, it destroys simply because thats what it is. Whereas when humans outwardly destroy, it is normally accidentally, and just to preserve and protect our humanity. The very nature of a \"narcissist\" (hate this term, people are people, not jewish labels), is human, by saying your a narcissist you've acknowledged you have real emotional issues, fear of abandonment, a desire to be loved, but your wounded so much you thwart yourself. So you accidentally hurt those around you, always in a quest to feel loved or protect your inner insecurity.. this is the MOST HUMAN CONDITION on the planet! It is all around insecurity which comes from being able to feel human emotion like guilt and shame, these emotions are repressed now in you i think, but they can be brought back and dealt with. Jews would have you think your some secret evil, or something like them, but your not, and no gentile ever can be, we are opposites. See this is the difference (ive said this twice now), Jews destroy due to what THEY ARE, Narcissists (broken humans) destroy due to what THEIR NOT. Let me explain, every narcissist (nobodies a narcissist, i hate this jew terminology) believes and feels deep down that they are something which their not. They feel guilt shame sorrow and self hatred deep down, and the child blames itself, it thinks it has caused all this, when really, it hasn't, it believes its bad, when it isnt. So the child shuts it out, the person rejects these feelings, so the person is now just living their life trying to protect itself from the belief and KNOWING that he/she is WRONG, when the person is actually not wrong. Everything that a narcissist(human) does bad to others, is out of what the person is not, the person is not truly like that, but the person behaves like that as the person believes HIMSELF to be like that at a core level. Its defending himself from what he's not, but the fact he percieves himself that way, makes it a reality. Jews are destroyers, humans only destroy once they've been destroyed, and its always accidentally, and to protect child like feelings, not to protect the genocide of people (jews) I do not accept that personality disorders exist, it was made up by Jews you know? Sam Vaknin, the guy who coined the phrase 'narcissistic supply', is a Jew. Western psychology and psychiatry is a Jewish owned business, they decide what you are, what diagnoses they'll give you (referring to mental 'illness') If jews want you to think your a narcissist, i can bet that it is not going to do you any good believing you are so. But anyway, it was a good post nonetheless", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_73.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-18-2015, 01:27 PM", "post": "Despite different methods/strategies different jews use, they all appear to have a similar goal - bring down Western/White civilization.", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_74.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Peter1996 I do not accept that personality disorders exist", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "09-18-2015, 11:42 PM", "post": "And that is finally the root of the lense the rest of your post was written from. I know all sorts of people that don't accept that there's a differnce between the races. I know all sorts of people that don't accept that there's evil people in the world. I know all sorts of people that don't accept blacks commit more crimes because it's in their nature. I know all sorts of people that don't accept the notion of White GeNOcide. It doesn't make their beliefs or what they don't accept true. I'm not going to bother to go into the science of brain chemistry and how it effects personality and behavior. I'm not going to bother going into the differences in a psychopath's brain activity vs a normal brain's activity. I won't bother expanding upon the differences in an average negro's brain frontal lobe scans vs everyone elses. I won't even bother going into the semanitics of \"normal\" vs \"abnormal\", ie disorder. Why? Because to people who don't accept such things will never believe it. We all bleed red, afterall. When the root of a belief is flawed, all subsequent conclusions or beliefs will also (in the vast majority of cases - even a blind squirrel finds an occasional nut) be flawed. You have no clue what it means to be devoid of guilt, or not caring about others. Narcissists do not have those emotions......not because they choose to or have been told that they don't, but because it is an utterly foreign and alien concept to them that they have absolutely ZERO capability to even conceptualize. I don't feel guilt, simply because I don't do things to feel guilty for. And this means that \"guilt trips\" do not work on me in the slightest. There isn't even the smallest twinge of doubt or second thought about it. I do, however, have the ability to care for others, if even in a severely limited fashion (hence the borderline diagnosis). However, that caring is extremely limited to those closest to me (nuclear family and the absolute closest of friends). Beyond that, I really don't care. You (even if you were a recognized \"White Nationalist\") could be on fire in the street, and I could walk past your burning corpse without a second thought beyond being irritated that the smell of your burning hair and entrails will ruin my clothes.......thinking about what I'm going to eat for dinner or how I'm going to respond to a post about cats on Stormfront. That's what it means to not care. You have no clue, and what you accept or do not accept doesn't have the slightest effect upon reality. And I'm borderline. Jews are full blown. Now think on that. .", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_75.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by David Duke Great article by Dr. Slattery! All I would add to it is that I am hoping that Coulter simply by saying \"F------ Jews!\" was attempting to also make people aware of Jewish power and Goy subservience to it. Coulter... \"I said F------ Jews, but I wasn't talking about the F------ Jews, I was talking about the politicians that pander to the F------ Jews!\" This is associative conditioning at its very finest. It doesn't really matter what you way... The overwhelming psychological embedding is ...\"The F------ Jews!\" The Jewish publications like t he Forward are livid about this because they know that what she said does a lot to increase awareness of the Jewish domination of the political system....", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-21-2015, 11:52 AM", "post": "Refer to the last part of DD's post above. Reminds me of this nifty quote: I guess narcissistic jews don't like publicity, but they love to brag about their achievements on wrecking the general natural order and being on top of the ruined 'natural' order. .", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_76.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-21-2015, 01:34 PM", "post": "A duplicate (but much older) thread has re-surfaced: Do Jews suffer from a sort of Narcissistic Personality Disorder? Just 2 pages long.", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_77.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Wulfrick I was speaking to a jew by chance over the weekend, and he was all against the refugees and the muslims, but he stopped to say that the jews had a hard time in Germany. When I told him that the jews were just like the Bengalis in this country... unwilling to assimilate, he had to accept that it was true, but had never thought of it like that. Jews never see themselves in the mirror. No reflection.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "09-22-2015, 07:05 AM", "post": "Ah, more evidence Jews are real vampires!!", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_78.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Refer to the last part of DD's post above. Reminds me of this nifty quote: I guess narcissistic jews don't like publicity, but they love to brag about their achievements on wrecking the general natural order and being on top of the ruined 'natural' order. .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Evropa2030", "date": "11-03-2015, 09:55 PM", "post": "This poster totally reminds me of how PG the Nazi party was. \"One day they'll shut their dirty lying Jewish mouths!\" Goebbels said. It's like something from a Disney movie. I love uncovering the truth about the Holocaust, it's like fresh air.", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_79.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Evropa2030 This poster totally reminds me of how PG the Nazi party was. \"One day they'll shut their dirty lying Jewish mouths!\" Goebbels said. It's like something from a Disney movie. I love uncovering the truth about the Holocaust, it's like fresh air.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "11-03-2015, 10:13 PM", "post": "What's PG? Pretty good???", "page": 8, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_80.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by The Black Douglas James Harting is correct in pointing out that the Jews are playing 3D chess while too many self described Racialists are still playing checkers. The Jews have a simply saying; \" Is it good for the Jews \"? Yes, But Is It Good for the Jews?: A Beginner's Guide, Volume 1: Jonny Geller: 9781596912052: Amazon.com: Books This is the prism through which every issue is understood and addressed. This perspective covers Racial issues, social, economic and cultural issues Through that prism we see and can understand the Jewish role in Bolshevism/Communism, Zionism, Capitalism & Globalism. We see this role played in the promotion of anthropological & cultural egalitarianism and the negation of indigenous identity be it biological or cultural. We see in recent decades the transformation of a number of Jews from Marxist to Neo Conservative; such and ideological somersault is impossible to understand unless you can comprehend the 3D chess prism and the Is it good for the Jews mindset. No such widespread consciousness exists among Whites, White people are aware that being downtown at night in many 'inner cities' is dangerous, we flock to suburbs to avoid the worst aspects of multi racialism- even if we do so subconsciously and deny it! But more often we do so as individuals, groupthink is something that the Jewish media has outlined as evil for Whites while at the same time promoting ethnic and cultural awareness for every other 'minority' groups. The hope for a safe White saviour, from Goldwater to Trump and many others in-between, fits all too well into the checkers v's 3D chess analogy offered by Mr Harting. If Racially consciousness White people wish to see the White Race survive then we need to learn to play 3D chess. We need to understand and apply the \" Is it good for White people \" maxim to the social & economic issues that we face. We need to learn groupthink and stop seeing ourselves as individuals in an material rat race. Despite the urgency of our situation we must recognize the utter folly, and dishonesty, in the Goldwater...Buchanan....Trump approach. Is it good for Whites? is a move and a maxim that we must use to checkmate the Jews in the 3D World that we live in.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "11-13-2015, 07:14 PM", "post": "A post from another thread", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_81.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by I am Ireland My people need to know the truth....Period These people that are known as Jews...particularly at the top of the pyramid are literally the spawn of Satan Study your Bible for the truth about the Jews and Israel....not the church's view...the Bible's view...... Jesus says it in Revelation 2-9 They say they are Jews but are not but are the synagogue of Satan.....what do You think he meant?.....He meant just what he said....As he said in John 8-44....Ye are of your Father the Devil and of his works you shall do I need no more convincing....I know....there's a dual seedline....It took the late Arnold Murray to convince my wife.....I already knew Take a look on that dollar bill....(owned by those Kenite Jews)....That eye on top of the pyramid ain't God's eye...that's Horus You are dealing with people who have been spreading evil since the beginning of this Earth age.....Only Jesus Christ will defeat them for Good", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "MelGibsonFan", "date": "11-14-2015, 02:30 PM", "post": "Are you suggesting the Jews put a Horus eye on the dollar bill? I find that unlikely, considering Jews are vicious iconoclasts.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_82.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by CloudStrife Quote: Originally Posted by vikingcelt That's a very interesting and curious statement. What does [Barbara Learner Spectre] mean by that: \"Europe will not survive without a transformation [into mixed race land]\"??? Europe has survived and thrived as a homogeneous continent for Whites. The question you pose is (to me) of incredible importance. This question could take us pretty deep into their psyche if we think about it properly. I'm probably going a bit deeper than expected but this is how I see it. If we want to consider what she MEANS by her bold statements, we have to zoom out and look back in from two perspectives: 1. What were her INTENTIONS (how did she want the public hearing this statement to receive it). 2. What did this mean TO HER (the true intent). Contemplating question number one brings many things to mind. Assuming we all know the general public is utterly indoctrinated and trained to take this statement differently then we would, we have to consider how a 'liberal' would hear this. So how do liberals think? In our countries, they are born into a world of communist indoctrination. From birth they are exposed to multicultural children's television shows. Before they even reach 6 years of age they join our public school systems. To my knowledge these schools have, for at least a generation, been using operant conditioning psychology to train children as if they were animals. That is, they are rewarded for being \"right\" and punished for being \"wrong\". You could train these children to say grass is pink provided they are rewarded with a metaphorical or literal pat on the back. They learn to agree with what those in the higher echelons of society (teachers, government, media) tell them, and vehemently oppose anything they are told is WRONG due to this conditioning. This continues straight through to college and is reinforced by all media throughout and beyond. When you carry this into adulthood they are so indoctrinated that they are willing to unwittingly fall prey to believing in double standards; ex: Jews are white, but commenting on Jews is Anti-Semitic. But wait, I thought Semitic by definition meant Afroasiatic? If you pose this question to them they become angry - the expected impulse of cognitive dissonance. So if this is true, we can agree that they will accept everything they heard in school and learn from television. Some ideals that come to mind are \"We're all one race, the human race\", \"race is a social construct\", \"tolerance and acceptance of all peoples and all religions is right, racism is bad\". So how are they going to receive the comment \"Europe will not survive without becoming multicultural\" ? Easy.. They believe that the future of this world revolves around multiculturalism, they believe that all races are going to unite and live together in peace and harmony. They believe the nations that reach this Utopian state are going to become the greatest powers of the world and the evil, racist, monolithic societies will collapse and perhaps starve to death without joining this united world cause of \"diversity\". They believe we must make this transformation because not doing so is racist and being racist means no pat on the back. Like a dog that was trained not to pee on the rug, they will believe what master taught them to be so regardless of their inherent nature. That makes answering question number 2 much easier. What did SHE mean when she states that Europe will not survive. We live in a world where Jews are behind every major bank and financial system in the western world, where they own and operate every major media outlet, where they finance and control every war and every government. It becomes clear that there is a motive driving this global unity among Jews to push for regional education and liberal ideologies. Does she have something to gain from this? I would say she does, probably beyond her virulent behavior and beliefs keeping her bank account topped off, some future goal. I would assume somebody in her position is well aware of everything I have said to this point, so with that said I can logically conclude that her intention was to play off of our discussion on question number one. As for what went on in her head we can only make assumptions. It seems to me that her meaning is \"Europe will make this transformation, OR ELSE\". A threat to scare the sheep, or perhaps even a real threat that Israel and their cronies will stage an attack on Europe if plan A (mass immigration and white genocide) fails. Europe having survived as a homogeneous white continent becomes irrelevant. The living white folk have lost their history, it was not taught to them. They have lost their European morals and values and have no true identity. Now a new identity will be assigned to them and they will accept it, this is the final result of this systematic attack on their education and home lives. The reason I say this question is of critical importance, the phrase \"Know your enemy\" comes to mind. If we know their plans and how they are implementing them, if we can decipher exactly how they will act moving forward, we can begin working on our counter. To me the solution is to remove our children from public schooling, take total control of the media they are exposed to until they are capable of understanding the lies being presented to them, and unite in large scale tax revolts and forming white communities. How do we get more people to agree with us and make this idea a reality? This is a discussion we all seriously need to have.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "11-19-2015, 04:39 PM", "post": "Gilamut, care to respond to some of my more recent posts in this thread? Hope so!", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_83.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "wisdomlost", "date": "11-19-2015, 10:48 PM", "post": "I am not going to spend a lot of time on this as I don't think it is the answer to our problem. But if there is one thing I would like to bring out on this it is that I firmly believe, and have strong evidence to believe, that Jewish high IQ is a MYTH! Perpetrated by Jews for many reasons, most of which should be obvious. There is a huge amount of evidence to support this, but I'm not going to write a book here: 1) The best study of the average IQ of Israel is 94. Other studies show similar results in the low to mid 90\"s. 2) Israel is about a 67% (about 2/3rds) Ashkenazi Jew. If you do the math, Sephardi Jews would have to be close to morons for the Ashkenazi Jew to have an IQ much over 100. Sephardi Jews are not morons, they have an IQ in the low to mid 90\"s. This essentially proves the Ashkenazi Jew has an average IQ below 100! I would guess it to be in the high 90's. This fits with the Jews I have met. They are not on the scale of blacks, but they are not extremely smart. 3. Their best Jew, Albert Einstein, is a fraud! See youtube: \"Albert Einstein, The Incorrigible Plagiarist\". This answers much about the Jewish scam to make us believe they were smart. We need to understand this because we need to understand it is not our intelligence, or lack of it, that is holding us back! When it comes to spatial thinking (the best thinking to solve complex problems), we have the highest IQ's in the world! We also need to understand this because their success is due to their ability to form connections. Henry Ford commented on this. They also form an underground network (or unseen network) that is \"quasi legal\". This network seldom uses violence and pretends to support the surrounding community, while actually undermining it in the long run. We don't need to copy them as it is not in us to constantly scam. But we do need to learn from their success, and be creative to counter it in a better and more productive way. Mainly, we need to start forming legal networks that benefit everyone involved. By this we need to make decisions based on benefiting the individual, but not at the cost of the group. We need to benefit the group and share the benefits with those involved. Total self sacrifice is not the answer, you will get few followers. Total selfishness is not the answer, it will destroy the group. We need to develop an mentality of \"The Group First\", but the benefits must be shared among the members.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_84.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Gilamut, care to respond to some of my more recent posts in this thread? Hope so!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "11-21-2015, 09:52 AM", "post": "I've been working so much this fall, I really haven't had much time for anything besides trying to get a day of quality family time in each week beyond the occasional post. I will have a few days off for Thanksgiving, so it will have to wait for then. I've been checking in and reading a bit here and there, and mostly doing copy/paste or fluff responses as opposed to any real intellectual (pseudo, lol) stuff.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_85.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Gilamut, care to respond to some of my more recent posts in this thread? Hope so!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Gilamut", "date": "11-27-2015, 09:13 AM", "post": "I'm tired, my friend. Not just in a physical sense, but a mental one as well. As I've said many other times, I'm not an intellectual giant, I'm not a professor with a passion for educating, and I'm not laser focused on a particular message or mission (at least not in the way that most people would understand). As far as what we consider group think of Jews......I've already touched on it. It's just common sense (which isn't common any more). A nation (society, empire, whatever) has no natural right to continue to exist. In fact, quite the opposite. Throughout history, it is demonstrably true that nations and societies fall apart when they stop being homogoneous (racially) and drastically change/transform into something \"else\" when they stop being homogoneous (ethnically). When a nation stops viewing itself as unique, as better than what else is out there......then is it any wonder why it then fundamentally transforms and becomes everything else that's already out there? If it isn't better, why defend it? Why remain different? This is what happens when a nation stops teaching its history, acknowledging and preserving its heritage, its ideals that made it different, special, better. It's the same thing with people. When a group of people ceases to see a difference between them and everyone else......then there is nothing to preserve, because they never realized there was anything to preserve in the first place. Judaism has played a special role in preserving the jews. Whether a jew practices religion or not, the Talmud is not only their religious text, but also their history, their heritage, the connection to their past and what made them a \"special and uniuqe snowflake\" in the world. Add to this the self centered teachings (God's Chosen) and the \"Us vs Them\" victimization, it creates a strong connection for the entire people to their \"roots\". It even declares who and how a person is racially a jew (born to a jewish mother). It creates a strong link to their past as a group that manifests itself in what can be described as \"nationalistic exceptionalism\". If the jews were not spread across the world, but lived almost without exception within the borders of their own land, they would be viewed and understood much differently. They would be seen simply as a strong, nationalistic people. It's the lack of borders coupled with their willingness.....near obsession......to live in nations that are not their own that confuses us. We forget that the jews see the entire world, all of creation, as their inheritance......not just their own little slice of the pie. Add to that near systemic narcissism based in their religious teachings (and thus their history), severe lack of morals when dealing with the goy (they are nothing but beasts of burden to serve the jew), systemic racial/religious superiority complex, and individual narcissistic tendencies......it becomes something that is difficult to comprehend. Especially since we, as Whites, live in societies that not only have forgotten what made us great, what separated us from the rest of the world, but actively teach and promote the antithesis of such. As an example of the social decay of the west, social solipsism is pervase in western society. It manifests itself in the clash of cultures we see with Islam. How any sane person can think that muslilms are the same as us.....that their religious teachings and beliefs are compatable with western society's beliefs and ideals is absolutely mind boggling to me. It is beyond self evident, and blatently spelled out in Islamic teachings. And yet, our cultural leaders (and thus, the average person) do not see them as different than us (they actually believe this) because of their \"enlightenment\". Luckily, it appears that the recent, undeniable failure of \"integration\" of muzzies into our societies is becoming so apparent, people are starting to wake up to the idea that they are not like us at all. And once people start realizing \"that group over there is different from us\", it's not a far stretch to become \"we are different than those groups over there, there, and there\". Believing *someone else* is different than us is the first step to realizing that *we* are different. The two statements, while very similar, have quite different implications. Anyways, I'm completely rambling now and going off on a tangent. Does jewish society have a group think? Not in the same way that we immediately think. It just comes down to their unique union of religious teachings being their history through which a strong connection to their past results. It promotes, undeniably, a separation between the jew and the goy. And it manifests itself in some strange, often seemingly conflicting ways (such as how does being superior and yet the constant victim mesh?). Again, to a narcissist, using constant victimization as a tool to get ahead is nothing but an effective strategy that befuddles the normal mind because it seems to be at odds.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_86.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Gilamut I'm tired, my friend. Not just in a physical sense, but a mental one as well. As I've said many other times, I'm not an intellectual giant, I'm not a professor with a passion for educating, and I'm not laser focused on a particular message or mission (at least not in the way that most people would understand). As far as what we consider group think of Jews......I've already touched on it. It's just common sense (which isn't common any more). A nation (society, empire, whatever) has no natural right to continue to exist. In fact, quite the opposite. Throughout history, it is demonstrably true that nations and societies fall apart when they stop being homogoneous (racially) and drastically change/transform into something \"else\" when they stop being homogoneous (ethnically). When a nation stops viewing itself as unique, as better than what else is out there......then is it any wonder why it then fundamentally transforms and becomes everything else that's already out there? If it isn't better, why defend it? Why remain different? This is what happens when a nation stops teaching its history, acknowledging and preserving its heritage, its ideals that made it different, special, better. It's the same thing with people. When a group of people ceases to see a difference between them and everyone else......then there is nothing to preserve, because they never realized there was anything to preserve in the first place. Judaism has played a special role in preserving the jews. Whether a jew practices religion or not, the Talmud is not only their religious text, but also their history, their heritage, the connection to their past and what made them a \"special and uniuqe snowflake\" in the world. Add to this the self centered teachings (God's Chosen) and the \"Us vs Them\" victimization, it creates a strong connection for the entire people to their \"roots\". It even declares who and how a person is racially a jew (born to a jewish mother). It creates a strong link to their past as a group that manifests itself in what can be described as \"nationalistic exceptionalism\". If the jews were not spread across the world, but lived almost without exception within the borders of their own land, they would be viewed and understood much differently. They would be seen simply as a strong, nationalistic people. It's the lack of borders coupled with their willingness.....near obsession......to live in nations that are not their own that confuses us. We forget that the jews see the entire world, all of creation, as their inheritance......not just their own little slice of the pie. Add to that near systemic narcissism based in their religious teachings (and thus their history), severe lack of morals when dealing with the goy (they are nothing but beasts of burden to serve the jew), systemic racial/religious superiority complex, and individual narcissistic tendencies......it becomes something that is difficult to comprehend. Especially since we, as Whites, live in societies that not only have forgotten what made us great, what separated us from the rest of the world, but actively teach and promote the antithesis of such. As an example of the social decay of the west, social solipsism is pervase in western society. It manifests itself in the clash of cultures we see with Islam. How any sane person can think that muslilms are the same as us.....that their religious teachings and beliefs are compatable with western society's beliefs and ideals is absolutely mind boggling to me. It is beyond self evident, and blatently spelled out in Islamic teachings. And yet, our cultural leaders (and thus, the average person) do not see them as different than us (they actually believe this) because of their \"enlightenment\". Luckily, it appears that the recent, undeniable failure of \"integration\" of muzzies into our societies is becoming so apparent, people are starting to wake up to the idea that they are not like us at all. And once people start realizing \"that group over there is different from us\", it's not a far stretch to become \"we are different than those groups over there, there, and there\". Believing *someone else* is different than us is the first step to realizing that *we* are different. The two statements, while very similar, have quite different implications. Anyways, I'm completely rambling now and going off on a tangent. Does jewish society have a group think? Not in the same way that we immediately think. It just comes down to their unique union of religious teachings being their history through which a strong connection to their past results. It promotes, undeniably, a separation between the jew and the goy. And it manifests itself in some strange, often seemingly conflicting ways (such as how does being superior and yet the constant victim mesh?). Again, to a narcissist, using constant victimization as a tool to get ahead is nothing but an effective strategy that befuddles the normal mind because it seems to be at odds.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "lord flints volunteer", "date": "11-27-2015, 03:02 PM", "post": "I agree about the possibilities once folk realise that there are differences between groups. People get upset when someone mentions the muzzies but leaves out the youknowwhose. However I see it as a first step which if fed well will lead to other differences becoming obvious.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_87.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt What's PG? Pretty good???", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Hyperborean", "date": "11-27-2015, 04:40 PM", "post": "Parental Guidance - A violence classification for films eg pg-13 etc.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_88.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "CloudStrife", "date": "11-27-2015, 11:07 PM", "post": "I've just spent the better part of my day reading (and rereading) this thread and the discussions between Gilamut and Fading Light in \" We Need to become more like the Jews\" as well as linked materials.. ( https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1097954/ ) Thanks for linking this to me VikingCelt ---------------------------------------------- It's always blown me away that topics of such importance only gather a few pages of replies over the course of months. Gilamut put a fine perspective on this with the thoughts of WN 101, 102, and these topics being \"Advanced WN Philosophy\". While off topic, I do find it striking that only a few people carefully consider the topic while the majority just drop in with immutable ideologies, it compelled me to also reread Dr. Fords case for authoritarianism. I do not believe the 90% have the capacity to think outside of their personal worldview to put true logic to the behavior of others, this blinds them to evils unfolding before their very eyes. Perhaps most are content with simply keeping up on the news, knowing who is to blame, and waiting for a supposed critical moment before making a change themselves. This is why I replied to VikingCelt by commenting that we need to know our enemies if we wish to counter them. They aren't thinking like us , if they were, they would have never achieved near total global dominance. Anyway, whether relevant to this thread or the beginnings of a new topic, I have to let this all sink in before I can say something worthy of an interesting contribution. My immediate takeaway is as follows. Jews are self serving, they do what is best for themselves. Naturally they will support Jewish interests because the result is a net gain for themselves . It brings a quote to mind from the film \"A Beautiful Mind\". \"The best outcome comes from doing what is best for AND \". This creates multiple 'streams' of self-serving benefits. Ultimately, I agree with Gilamut's assessment that they are severely narcissistic, whether by nature, nurture, or both is irrelevant in my mind. When \"The Group\" no longer profits the self, the Jew will no longer support the group and will seek to pillage what remains of it with zero guilt or empathy for their actions. This is why I explained that Barbara Spectre certainly has some personal gain coming from her behavior, likewise those who support and contribute to her cause also stand to gain personally. The question that has lingered in my mind for the bulk of my adult life is how can we study their behavior, and how can we use that knowledge to formulate our own response. What will our response be? It most certainly cannot be sitting at our computers, broke and depressed, perhaps there needs to be a clear and desirable pattern of behavior that will replicate among the common man, or the \"WN 101\" crowd at the least. Change has to start with the self. I'm out of time for the evening and rambling at this point.. I will organize my thoughts for another time for anybody interested in the conversation.", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_89.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "12-13-2015, 11:08 AM", "post": "Does this help? How Anti-Whiteness is at the Heart of Jewish Identity | Age of Treason The Great Jewish Masque", "page": 9, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_90.NAF"}, {"citation": "A hypocrite is someone who professes specific moral convictions, while violating his professions by his actual behavior. A hypocrite resembles, as Charles Dickens tells us, \u0093a direction-post, which is always telling the way to a place, and never goes there.\u0094 A preacher who condemns prostitution but patronizes prostitutes is a hypocrite, as is a bank president who embezzles from his bank but rages against bank robbers. Both are hypocrites because they fail to practice what they preach. They say one thing and do another, which is the commonly understood meaning of \u0093hypocrisy.\u0094 Hypocrisy can, however, include a variety of significantly different psychologies. Jews are, of course, deeply hypocritical in their political behavior. A Jew who advocates open borders for Western nations while supporting the preservation of a Jewish state in Israel is clearly guilty of failing to practice what he preaches. Since the vast majority of Diaspora Jews and all major Jewish organizations both support Israel as an apartheid ethnostate and also favor the dissolution of their host nations through massive non-White immigration, we can justly call Jews a hypocritical race on this important subject. They say one thing and do another on a regular basis. Anti-racialism is the virtue they demand of us, but they refuse to apply its dictates to themselves. In many cases what we call Jewish hypocrisy is so different from normal hypocrisy that it seems to require a special word to describe it. The editor of the New Observer has come up with \u0093hyper-hypocrisy\u0094 as a possible lexical solution to the problem. Just as normal ethnocentrism differs from what Kevin MacDonald calls Jewish hyperethnocentrism as a sapling differs from a towering oak, so an important variety of Jewish hypocrisy differs substantially from normal hypocrisy. Specifically, many Jewish hypocrites, despite conspicuously failing to practice what they preach, evidently see no reason to conceal their hypocrisy. If we think of consciously dishonest acting as a defining feature of hypocrisy, then these Jews are not really hypocrites. The Jewish double-standard on the subject of immigration is not difficult to understand, if we analyze it logically in terms of interests and practical objectives. Jews want non-White immigration into the West because they want to damage us and hope to profit from fragmented multiracial demographics; they do not want non-Jewish immigration into Israel because they know that it would damage their Jewish state. We can therefore easily account for the hypocrisy of broad Jewish support for Muslim refugees, given their dislike for us and their affection for themselves. My idle speculation is that, despite their visible double-standard on racial matters, Jews like Menachem Rosensaft and Steve Gutow are honest men. They are not concealing their hypocrisy, because they cannot see it.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "01-18-2016, 10:41 AM", "post": "Hope this article helps. Irmin Vinson, \"Jewish Hypocrisy: An Idle Speculation\" | Counter-Currents Publishing Excerpts:", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_91.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "01-18-2016, 10:49 AM", "post": "From the comments section in article located in the above post: Written by Karen T: Irmin Vinson, \"Jewish Hypocrisy: An Idle Speculation\" | Counter-Currents Publishing Symptoms of Narcissistic Personality Disorder defined by DSM 1v criteria -has a grandiose sense of self-importance -believes himself special and unique -is preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited power, success, brilliance -requires excessive admiration -is exploitative of others -lacks empathy -is often envious of others -regularly shows arrogant, haughty behavior -has a strong sense of entitlement And another comment in response to Karen's comment (written by Simon Dellan): Irmin Vinson, \"Jewish Hypocrisy: An Idle Speculation\" | Counter-Currents Publishing As a suffer of NPD not long ago I started to read more about my condition, and I did start to see many strong parallels between NPD symptoms and the attributes of Jewish identity. One of the most important parallels was the concept of making unreasonable demands of others, and constant immunizing oneself against outside criticism \u2013 often from those making reasonable demands of us and our behavior. Jewish identity does very much appear to be a kind of organized group NPD where NPD is not a pathology within the group but is actually maintained as a set of qualities across the group as a whole. And that\u2019s the only important difference. Real NPD is something an individual feels but for Jews it is a group virtue, a group psychosis. It only matters in their case because they are a financially-well-equipped group, very ethnocentric and very proactive politically. So their NPD actually becomes state policy in many countries. I should also say NPD is an extremely debilitating condition that doesn\u2019t respond well to therapy .", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_92.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "01-18-2016, 12:14 PM", "post": "I've just spent a half hour reading this post, and although much of it is good information, it tends to over analyze and lack a direct course for the solution to the problem. Once the Jew weapons of mass destruction are discovered the main solution is to counter them, not psycho analyze them, especially using their Jew invented psychology (I have a major in Jew psychology from a government university, what a bunch of crap). 1) The Social Security Number is the brand of the Jew on White people. 2) The United States government and all state governments have taken on the Communist Manifesto, the Jew government ZOG, and have become your enemy, thus property tax, income tax, inheritance tax, the Federal Reserve bank, government schools, the military are the enemy. 3) The Jew profits from a predatory scheme of usury, insurance(gambling) and debt. Defeat these, and the Jew problem disappears. I don't see any reference to these in all the posts here. Discussion of the symptoms of the disease are useful, but finding the cure is essential.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_93.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Proud Anti-Semite", "date": "01-18-2016, 01:21 PM", "post": "Try to understand short height, hooked nosed, brown colored, curly haired, glasses weared, Sub-Human.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_94.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Lasher1", "date": "01-20-2016, 08:29 PM", "post": "Damn nice thread. The jew runs the media and movie industry. Sublime messages are sent into your home in entertainment. There is not much to fight against this other than the WN. Thank you for your views.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_95.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "01-26-2016, 02:45 PM", "post": "Hopefully the following excerpt from Transcript of Greg Johnson's Interview with Kevin MacDonald on Trump, 2015, & the Next Current Year | Counter-Currents Publishing radio interview - Dr. Greg Johnson (host), GJ; and Dr. Kevin MacDonald (interviewee), KM; offers the reader insight in understanding the jew: KM: Low ethnocentrism really means that you\u2019re more open to strangers, you\u2019re more altruistic toward strangers, and, as you say, you see people not as members of groups but as individuals. That is something that these Jewish organizations are constantly promoting, the idea that you can\u2019t group people. That\u2019s why they were so horrified when Donald Trump started talking about Muslims, excluding a group of people, see? That is what was so anathema to them, because it really is a collectivist response, because you\u2019re starting to see people in group terms. That is what they really fight to the death about. You don\u2019t want to see things in those terms. GJ: They don\u2019t want us to see things in those terms. That\u2019s how they see everything. KM: That\u2019s how they see everything, but they don\u2019t want us to see it that way. GJ: The people who want you to be blind are usually the ones who are up to something that doesn\u2019t bear being seen, right? They want you to be blind because they\u2019re up to no good. So, when people talk about group-blindness or color-blindness or whatever: Since when is blindness a virtue? .", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_96.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "02-15-2016, 02:42 AM", "post": "A documentary how the Jews are destroying western civilization.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_97.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Fading Light Even simple meritocracy and actual unbiased enforcement of the law is devastating to the Jewish agenda. Jews require an uneven playing field to win. They need it to stay tilted in their direction. Trump doesn't have to support our movement to help us save our people from what is being done to us: All he has to do is stand up for what's right and it will badly damage the anti-White agenda. They know this. They cheat to get ahead. If cheating is prohibited, their power evaporates .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "05-05-2016, 01:09 PM", "post": "Here's a nice partial post of that will fit in this thread (with my emphasis in bold).", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_98.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Proud Anti-Semite Try to understand short height, hooked nosed, brown colored, curly haired, glasses weared, Sub-Human.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Coldstar", "date": "05-05-2016, 01:45 PM", "post": "The Jew is a fallen demonic creature which has the ability to turn every Paradise into a hell. The Jew has ever been working at creating hell on earth. Jews, being the masters of evil that they are, have Sin and Satan written all over themselves to those who can read the invisible text. Nothing is ever enough for the Jew. They always have to get a little bit more and they always have to twist the truth to their advantage. It has been said that Jews are always looking for a bargain and that they cannot feel fulfilled unless they get something for nothing. It is so bad with Jews that the Jewish women want their men circumcised because they cannot resist a 10% cut.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_99.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "mattmate", "date": "05-05-2016, 02:55 PM", "post": "We definitely need to take a lesson in ruthlessness from the jew. As the op said, jews seem to be able to carry anything through with no regard for the wellbeing of others. We need to do the same but it only in matters when it regards the jewish question. It may be hard to take but we need to be ruthless when it comes to dealing with the jews and this needs to extend to pseudo jews and friends of the jew. We also need to unite toward a single cause, and put all other issues aside. Our common foe is the Jew and we cant begin to address any other issues until we rid ourselves of this parasite.", "page": 10, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_100.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Full Metal Nelson", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:08 PM", "post": "There's no real mystery to Jewish behavior (or lack thereof); they behave exactly like a 17 year old girl does. Jewish society is incredibly matriarchal, which is why they avoid direct conflict and play their enemies against one another. The trick isn't so much to educate whites about these antics, but rather blacks, Latinos, and Asians; let them get angry and turn minorities against minorities.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_101.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Wulfrick", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:16 PM", "post": "They gave us Protestantism to destroy Catholicism, and they circumcise our sons... is it any wonder people identify with jews. The UK royals are hybrid jews. Go to Church and think they are a tribe of Israelites. Identifying with jews and judaism. Listen to Bjerknes, that is what America was created for, by jews to make a population of hybrid jews willing to do the jews bidding. To smash the Middle East so jews can colonise it for the coming Messiah... a Rothschild.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_102.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Wulfrick They gave us Protestantism to destroy Catholicism, and they circumcise our sons... is it any wonder people identify with jews. The UK royals are hybrid jews. Go to Church and think they are a tribe of Israelites. Identifying with jews and judaism. Listen to Bjerknes, that is what America was created for, by jews to make a population of hybrid jews willing to do the jews bidding.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "lord flints volunteer", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:18 PM", "post": "Catholicism is jewish too mate.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_103.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by lord flints volunteer Catholicism is jewish too mate.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Wulfrick", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:21 PM", "post": "You are right, but Protestantism was used to fragment the Church of Rome. Jews hate Rome, because the Romans expelled them from Judea. They never forget a grudge. We are just cattle to them.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_104.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Wulfrick You are right, but Protestantism was used to fragment the Church of Rome. Jews hate Rome, because the Romans expelled them from Judea. They never forget a grudge. We are just cattle to them.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "lord flints volunteer", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:31 PM", "post": "No problem. But Rome spread Judaism and destroyed US.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_105.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "reynoldsg", "date": "05-05-2016, 06:37 PM", "post": "Narcissistic and borderline can be termed personality disorders. One symptom of borderline personality is constant anger and \"loose\" behaviour. The condition is often termed untreatable by some psychologists. I understand the new DSM psychology manual has eliminated some of the personality disorders. There used to be 10 personality disorders (when I was a psych student). The modern (false) Jew is descended from southern Russia (Kazars) Arthur Koestler (himself Jewish) wrote The Thirteenth Tribe . In it the inhabitants Judaism. Israel today is run almost predominantly by the Ashkenazim Jew, Sephardic. They are the Cohens, Kaplins, Kagans, Greenspans, Baums, Silvers and Stein's etc. I have tried to understand the Jews, but all I could come up with is that they are determined to get their way, destroy our civilization (if you like), and god knows.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_106.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by lord flints volunteer No problem. But Rome spread Judaism and destroyed US.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Wulfrick", "date": "05-06-2016, 04:49 AM", "post": "Jews infested Catholicism early. I just watched a video, \"All serial killers are jews\"... or hybrid jews. From Ted Bundy to Jeffrey Dahmer to the Uni Bomber to the Zodiac killer. Only the jews holy books describe mass murderers as heroes. Like Baruch Goldstein the mass murderer is considered as a saint to jews and they believe he can cure sickness from beyond the grave. They are very sick people.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_107.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Dylan I've just spent a half hour reading this post, and although much of it is good information, it tends to over analyze and lack a direct course for the solution to the problem. Once the Jew weapons of mass destruction are discovered the main solution is to counter them, not psycho analyze them, especially using their Jew invented psychology (I have a major in Jew psychology from a government university, what a bunch of crap). 1) The Social Security Number is the brand of the Jew on White people. 2) The United States government and all state governments have taken on the Communist Manifesto, the Jew government ZOG, and have become your enemy, thus property tax, income tax, inheritance tax, the Federal Reserve bank, government schools, the military are the enemy. 3) The Jew profits from a predatory scheme of usury, insurance(gambling) and debt. Defeat these, and the Jew problem disappears. I don't see any reference to these in all the posts here. Discussion of the symptoms of the disease are useful, but finding the cure is essential.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Oaknob", "date": "05-06-2016, 10:56 AM", "post": "In my workplace I have to deal with of these little beard bold Jews. He is openly a Communist and admirer of Fidel Castro. I have seen more and more of these types coming out of the closet in California.", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_109.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "06-30-2016, 06:26 PM", "post": "Right from the horse's mouth. Note the quote (near the bottom of the image below): From this site: First Light Forum Hope this helps. (Thanks, Coldstar.) .", "page": 11, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_110.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Right from the horse's mouth. Note the quote (near the bottom of the image below): We Jews, we, the destroyers, will remain destroyers forever. Nothing that you will do will meet our needs and demands. We will forever destroy because we need a world of our own. From this site: First Light Forum Hope this helps. (Thanks, Coldstar.) .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "07-01-2016, 10:38 PM", "post": "Wow, short and powerful, but most of all, undeniable. Ready for your RFID chip, cashless society, we all deal in the Zionist Bankster's scheme. Indications, in 1933 FDR (a self proclaimed Jew), bankrupted the United States and sold it's population into servitude with the Social Security Act of 1936. A new Birth Certificate is traded on the exchange as a security worth $650,000 to $750,000 over the life time of the child. Think about it, how much of your money have you given them? It's not far off. How can you fight that?", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_111.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "European Crusader", "date": "07-02-2016, 12:16 AM", "post": "Trying to understand them can be interesting, at times... Though it can be hard to understand a people who are so proud, and yet, have nothing to be proud of. (No art, history, culture,). Their hero, Karl Marx, looks like a disgusting mongrel rat. He is nothing compared to the mighty Julius or Augustus Caesar. So what exactly are Jews so proud of? Their silly religion? Their bizarre outfits? Their perverse rituals? Instead of trying to understand such devilish vermin, we should be thinking how we can remove them from power.", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_112.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "trojancowboy", "date": "07-03-2016, 04:10 PM", "post": "Brother Nathanael fancies himself a former Jew. There is no such thing. (TFW) That being said, his videos on the Jewish Question are world class. Here is a sample.", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_113.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by European Crusader So what exactly are Jews so proud of? Their silly religion? Their bizarre outfits? Their perverse rituals? Instead of trying to understand such devilish vermin, we should be thinking how we can remove them from power.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "three in one", "date": "07-03-2016, 08:45 PM", "post": "Unless the solution to the jewish question is a permanent one, it is almost guaranteed that the jews will somehow find a way to sneak back and regain control of a country that has attempted to rid itself of their evil presence. Look at the list of European countries that expelled the jews at one time or another, like Germany, Austria, Hungary, Italy, France, Great Britain, Spain and Russia, to mention only a few. (For a complete list of 109 countries that have expelled jews, go to 109 Locations whence Jews have been Expelled since AD250 ). In all of those countries, jews that have been rightfully thrown out for their economic and social criminality have wormed their way back in. They have changed their names, disguised their appearance, pretended to convert to the national religion, bribed officials, traded favors, cheated and swindled, intimidated and bombed, and used any and all means to regain power over the gentile population. Believing that jews can be changed into anything other than jews is foolish. Jews think and act the way they do because that's their nature, and they can no more change their nature than a leopard can change its spots. Adolf Hitler, who knew the nature of the jew inside and out, wrote in Mein Kampf, \" There is no making pacts with Jews; there can only be the hard: either-or.\"", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_114.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by European Crusader Trying to understand them can be interesting, at times... Though it can be hard to understand a people who are so proud, and yet, have nothing to be proud of. (No art, history, culture,). Originally Posted by three in one Quote: Originally Posted by European Crusader Instead of trying to understand such devilish vermin, we should be thinking how we can remove them from power. Unless the solution to the jewish question is a permanent one, it is almost guaranteed that the jews will somehow find a way to sneak back and regain control of a country that has attempted to rid itself of their evil presence. Look at the list of European countries that expelled the jews at one time or another, like Germany, Austria, Hungary, Italy, France, Great Britain, Spain and Russia, to mention only a few. (For a complete list of 109 countries that have expelled jews, go to 109 Locations whence Jews have been Expelled since AD250 ). In all of those countries, jews that have been rightfully thrown out for their economic and social criminality have wormed their way back in. They have changed their names, disguised their appearance, pretended to convert to the national religion, bribed officials, traded favors, cheated and swindled, intimidated and bombed, and used any and all means to regain power over the gentile population. Believing that jews can be changed into anything other than jews is foolish. Jews think and act the way they do because that's their nature, and they can no more change their nature than a leopard can change its spots. Adolf Hitler, who knew the nature of the jew inside and out, wrote in Mein Kampf, \" There is no making pacts with Jews; there can only be the hard: either-or.\"", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "07-04-2016, 07:27 AM", "post": "No history? They have a l-o-n-g history of deceiving host nations, as described in the post below. \"Instead of trying to understand such devilish vermin, we should be thinking how we can remove them from power.\" Weeelllll, as \"Three-in-one\" pointed out, one has to understand such vermin IN ORDER to remove them from power, preferably on a permanent basis. .", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_115.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt No history? They have a l-o-n-g history of deceiving host nations, as described in the post below. \"Instead of trying to understand such devilish vermin, we should be thinking how we can remove them from power.\" Weeelllll, as \"Three-in-one\" pointed out, one has to understand such vermin IN ORDER to remove them from power, preferably on a permanent basis. .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "07-04-2016, 09:28 AM", "post": "If FDR bankrupted the country on behalf of the Jew, and sold us into slavery with the Social Security Number, bank loans and insurance, all voluntary, we can en mass stop \"volunteering\". They are in power because of an ignorant White population. One family, atheistic Jews the Rothschilds, should be required history for every White family.", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_116.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "three in one", "date": "07-04-2016, 10:30 AM", "post": "George Santayana, a Spanish author (not a jew) once wrote: \"Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.\" The jews are in power because they take advantage of White people's tendency to forget the past. Every time jews have been allowed into a country, they ruin that country economically, socially and morally, by taking over the legal, educational and financial systems and the mass media. Having done that, they are free to introduce and promote despicable practices such as homosexuality, race-mixing and pornography. Any right-thinking person who dares to oppose the jews is smeared and defamed, called a \"racist\" and an \"anti-semite\", and persecuted, even thrown into prison for their beliefs. Jews are able to control countries because they have no morals, and because their belief system allows them to commit all sorts of crimes without feeling any guilt. (Notice I do not call judaism a religion. Jews do not have a religion because they do not believe in God. The real god of the jews is none other than ol' Lucifer himself. Their so-called \"religion\" is an organized criminal conspiracy aimed at destroying Christianity and turning the White population into slaves whose sole function in life is to serve the dirty jews.) Meyer Rothschild, the jew banker who spawned a whole coven of devil-worshippers who took over the financial affairs of Europe, is famous for saying, \"Give me control of a nation's money and I care not who makes its laws.\" The reason why the jew-parasites are so powerful is because they have been to take control of the host country's money, and thereby given free rein to go about their evil lives without fear of punishment. The only way that White people can regain control of their country is to expel the jew-vermin from their midst, and once they have done that, never, ever, ever, let them back in. Any jew that either refuses to leave or tries to sneak back into the country that wants them out should be dealt with, if necessary ruthlessly. Compassion and Christian charity have no place when dealing with the jewish destroyers.", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_117.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by three in one Unless the solution to the jewish question is a permanent one, it is almost guaranteed that the jews will somehow find a way to sneak back and regain control of a country that has attempted to rid itself of their evil presence. Look at the list of European countries that expelled the jews at one time or another, like Germany, Austria, Hungary, Italy, France, Great Britain, Spain and Russia, to mention only a few. (For a complete list of 109 countries that have expelled jews, go to 109 Locations whence Jews have been Expelled since AD250 ). In all of those countries, jews that have been rightfully thrown out for their economic and social criminality have wormed their way back in. They have changed their names, disguised their appearance, pretended to convert to the national religion, bribed officials, traded favors, cheated and swindled, intimidated and bombed, and used any and all means to regain power over the gentile population. Believing that jews can be changed into anything other than jews is foolish. Jews think and act the way they do because that's their nature, and they can no more change their nature than a leopard can change its spots. Adolf Hitler, who knew the nature of the jew inside and out, wrote in Mein Kampf, \" There is no making pacts with Jews; there can only be the hard: either-or.\"", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "European Crusader", "date": "07-04-2016, 02:55 PM", "post": "Yes and I agree that Jews always come back to start trouble again. There is only one solution to the Jewish problem.", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_118.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "White Falcon", "date": "07-04-2016, 03:34 PM", "post": "The rich Banking Jew in a conversation with his progeny: \"Now listen son, I am going to give you some pointers. You know that our people have been oppressed by the Goyim for centuries. But our God in Heaven, the Venerable Yehova, Eloh the Great One, has protected us, and given us dominion over the Goyim. Thus it is our Sacred Duty to ensure that every Jew do his part in following Gods Law. Now here is what we must always remember: The Goyim is under us, and we must keep him there. Thankfully, our God have given us the facilities to do this with much ease. Everything the Goyim needs, and everything the Goyim wants, he must pay for with money. And, as you know, your Uncle Aram-Chaim-Levine is the local banker. He takes in the hard earned dollars of the Goyim, and holds it safe. When the Goyim needs something, we encourage him to leave his money where it is, and use the banks money. We call this \"Lending\", and the Goyim does not realise that he is paying for the privilege of spending his own money. We call it a Credit Card, and the \"Interest\" is ours, because it is always in our best interest! Now, every Goyim needs a roof over his head. Everybody needs a roof over his head! Who wants to sleep in a tent in the park? So we must ensure the Goyim must always pay for his shelter at the highest possible cost. After all: He has no choice. So that which he needs most, will cost him the most! You uncle Aram-Chaim-Levine will always make sure that the estimated \"value\" of the property is as high as the market will tolerate. That way the Goyim has to borrow that much more money to have his roof over his head. And he has to pay that much more interest on his loan! We do not want to waste time lending money, unless we can earn plenty of interest on the loan. We do not want the Goyim EVER to actually be able to pay the loan off in full! That would defeat the entire puropse! Lucky for us, we only need one tenth of the money to lend. If the bank has 10 million in deposits, we can lend 100 million in house loans! So you see son, the money flies into our hands without us ever having to work for it. All we do is wait until the money arrives each month, and then we deduct the interest. That Goyim can barely ever break even! And if the Goyim is stupid enough to pay rent, boy have we got news for him! His rent will be about half what he earns! Now look at this bottle of shampoo. It is manufactured in your uncles factory in Mexico. It costs about 9 cents to make, and we sell it at the discount store for $2.99. That makes it profitable. But now look at this bottle of \"Luxury Shampoo\". It too is made in Mexico, and costs 9 cents to manufacture, but we sell that one for $4.99. at the regular store. The lesson is clear: Never deprive the Goyim an opportunity to pay more if it makes him feel better!\" END QUOTE", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_119.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Dylan Wow, short and powerful, but most of all, undeniable. Ready for your RFID chip, cashless society, we all deal in the Zionist Bankster's scheme. Indications, in 1933 FDR (a self proclaimed Jew), bankrupted the United States and sold it's population into servitude with the Social Security Act of 1936. A new Birth Certificate is traded on the exchange as a security worth $650,000 to $750,000 over the life time of the child. Think about it, how much of your money have you given them? It's not far off. How can you fight that?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "White Falcon", "date": "07-04-2016, 04:02 PM", "post": "Judaism and Christianity are barely in conflict at all. If so, then only as competing sects. Christianity began as an heretical sect of Judaism. John the Baptizer and his following of \"Adventists\" went about harrassing Jews all over Judea, telling them to \"Repent, the End is near\". The Jews killed him and his sucessor Jesus, (both were fanatical Nazirites), so they could regain peace and order. Today we see the insane results of these \"Abrahamic\" religions. Judeo-Christian-Islam is ONE single poisonous religion with hundreds of sects. \"Allah\" derives from \"Eloh\" the Hebrew word for \"God\".", "page": 12, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_120.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by White Falcon Judaism and Christianity are barely in conflict at all. If so, then only as competing sects.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "07-05-2016, 12:43 AM", "post": "Oh? I guess you missed this post - located just in the previous page: Right from the horse's mouth. Note the quote (near the bottom of the image below): From this site: First Light Forum I don't want to get into the theology debate as this is not the proper place for it, but here is one verse that is sufficient enough to recognize Judaism and Christianity conflict: John 8:44. .", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_121.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt Oh? I guess you missed this post - located just in the previous page: Right from the horse's mouth. Note the quote (near the bottom of the image below): We Jews, we, the destroyers, will remain destroyers forever. Nothing that you will do will meet our needs and demands. We will forever destroy because we need a world of our own. I don't want to get into the theology debate as this is not the proper place for it, but here is one verse that is sufficient enough to recognize Judaism and Christianity conflict: John 8:44. .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "07-05-2016, 10:03 AM", "post": "In context here, uncanny how this conversation could be had with the Zionist banksters of today. Janet Yellen is the current Jew Chairman of the Federal Reserve. The Mark of the Beast is the Social Security Number + the 9 digit zip code, 6 + 6 + 6 =18 numbers that will identify any \"goyim\", his street address and the specific person of that address. Rockefeller told Russo that the plan was to put an RFID chip in everyone for ID and banking, there will be no cash, if you resist, you'll find your account empty, hence, \"No Man will buy or sell, except he have the Mark of the Beast.\" It seems plain as day to some, but not comprehended by others, mostly people are not interest in the truth and fail to seek it out. John 8:43 Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word. Jhn 8:44 Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it. Jhn 8:45 And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not. Jhn 8:46 Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me? Jhn 8:47 He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God. Jhn 8:48 Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil? Jhn 8:49 Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me. Jhn 8:50 And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth. Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death. Jhn 8:52 Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death. Jhn 8:53 Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself? Jhn 8:54 Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God: Jhn 8:55 Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_122.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by White Falcon [I][B] Judaism and Christianity are barely in conflict at all. If so, then only as competing sects. Christianity began as an heretical sect of Judaism. John the Baptizer and his following of \"Adventists\" went about harrassing Jews all over Judea, telling them to \"Repent, the End is near\". The Jews killed him and his sucessor Jesus, (both were fanatical Nazirites), so they could regain peace and order.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Sonderweg", "date": "07-05-2016, 12:19 PM", "post": "The essenes was an heretical sect of Judaism, they promoted a sort of anarchohippism that destroyed and put in danger the order and the very survival of the jews themselves. Thats why the fanatical jew St Paul decided at first to erradicate this sect ... but suddenly he changed his mind and decide to \"sell\" this antinational-antiracial venom to the gentiles ( take note that he didnt preach his ideas to the jews but the gentiles ). How to sell this venom? using and old treat, he learned about the gentile culture and the jewish essenite venom with the greek lore. Thats why we find some positive elements in christianity (derived form greek sources) mixed with lots of garbage and nonsense (the jewish concoction designed to destroy the goyim, acting as an early form of communism, you know, all are equals, love thy enemy, etc, etc). PS: Antiphilosophical expressions as Sola fide , Credo quia absurdum are the result of this jewification of the western culture. This kind of concepts represents blind submission, fanaticism, lack of intelligence, a total disrispect of human dignity, it was because these concepts that many brave people were burned, attacked, persecuted. These notions act exactly as the libtards slogans and dogmas to mobilise the antiwhite fanatics transforming them in selfrighteous and selfproclaimed SJWs.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_123.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "jcfran", "date": "07-15-2017, 02:54 PM", "post": "To me the Jew is spiritually of their father the Devil himself. The White race is spiritually of Christ. That is the reason the Jews hate Christ and the White race as well. If we view the Jews actions and thoughts and beliefs just on the mere fact that Jews are of their father the Devil, I think that goes a very, very long way to understanding the Jew. Everything good and noble , the Jew despises and tries to destroy. Everything evil the Jew promotes with his lie papers and talmud vision, better known as television and newspapers.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_125.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-11-2017, 03:10 AM", "post": "Aryan brothers. This Jewish plot they have will only lead to there own destruction. They control everything! The media. Facebook FTDNA etc all Jewish controlled. There are very smart and cunning. They use you as a pawn. Everything you've ever known is likely a Jewish lie. Lies lies lies. That's what they do. They have lied to me personally many times. There not real people they act and look like real people but they aren't. In the Jew represents everything wrong in this world. In contrast to the Aryan. You are a product of your environment and the system. Your confused because of these lies. They will do anything to conceal these lies. You have to understand they work together to bring the Aryan man down and confused. I know the truth I have lived it. I understand your frustration and anger. We're in this together. In this fight we are on the same side. I will never go up against a fellow Aryan. We need to work together to fight the international Jewish community. It's us or them. You will see the truth in time. I'm sure. Like I have. Don't believe anything at this point. I'll post later to follow up. I have the PROOF of one huge lie. I'll send you pm if you want. It's an FTDNA lie. And I'll show you!", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_126.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-11-2017, 01:18 PM", "post": "Once you understand how they manipulate you and basically use you. You'll be free. I'm very excited. It's an exiting time for our race. We've been pushed to our limits. I know this confusing for some. I can explain it to you in a PM. I'll do anything to help out my fellow Aryan. Your self esteem is brought down by Jewish lies. Like I said they are very intelligent so I'm I though. I can keep up with there games. They play with you your mind like they have done to me. I understand your situation. I'm here to help anyone here out of this non sense that you've been told. I have your back every member of this great forum most of us are on the same side. Lets put our differences aside for a second. We need agree more often. Stop fighting each other and let's concentrate on our real enemy. It's not the blacks that are are enemy there not smart enough. We need segregation from them yes but it's the Jew who has put you in this situation your in. So let's put the blacks off to the side for a bit. There not important they don't control anything. They are inferior yes. But not dangerous like the Jews. The Jews are dangerous because they are very intelligent and manipulative. I'll post more later and I'll go inside my reasonings for what I'm saying so you can understand it properly.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_127.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-11-2017, 01:42 PM", "post": "The Aryan and the Jew will eternally be on opposite sides. We represent everything that's right they represent everything that wrong in this world. Greed lies and deceit we are opposite to that and represent hard work and a noble character. We are opposites that's just life. There is nothing wrong with you. Your just confused. Because of what you've been told. Don't follow the Jewish mentality then you are a traitor to yourself your race and to the creator. Your entire self was made that way. Nothing to be ashamed of. Your Aryan you should be very proud. Would you rather have a huge hook nose and be a liar and an inferior human being? Lol.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_128.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "James Gregory", "date": "11-13-2017, 10:51 AM", "post": "Understanding the Jew. Yes, this is vital. It is an old Roman adage that: \"It is a duty to know the enemy.\" The best understanding of the Jew ever written in the English language is the books How the Jews Betrayed Mankind . One understanding that is the basic flaw among Christians is that Jesus and Hitler Told the Truth about the Jews; the Jews are Devils -- Real Ones! Unfortunately, most Christians believe the lying Jews . They believe that scum like Harvey Weinstein are the children of God.", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_129.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Phoenix", "date": "11-13-2017, 11:15 AM", "post": "Keep yourself and your children away from these three things, and you all will all be well on your way to psychological freedom from the jew... ...", "page": 13, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_130.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "11-14-2017, 02:38 PM", "post": "I merged two threads with exactly same title.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_131.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-14-2017, 04:25 PM", "post": "Thanks VikingCelt. We need to have a plan. We need to iosolate them from all aspects of society. They are not to use the sidewalks they are to walk beside the street. We need to label them with the Star of David. They are not allowed to use are washrooms. We can implement this. No sexual relationship between an Aryan and Jew. We can bring back the Nuremberg laws (1935). Let me know any more ideas on how to deal with these people.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_132.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by DutchFrenchman Thanks VikingCelt. We need to have a plan. We need to iosolate them from all aspects of society. They are not to use the sidewalks they are to walk beside the street. We need to label them with the Star of David. They are not allowed to use are washrooms. We can implement this. No sexual relationship between an Aryan and Jew. We can bring back the Nuremberg laws (1935). Let me know any more ideas on how to deal with these people.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Phoenix", "date": "11-14-2017, 07:30 PM", "post": "While I appreciate your enthusiasm, as you spend more time looking into the matter, you'll realize that we cannot do any of those things you suggest because we DON'T HAVE THE POWER. We cannot acquire the necessary economic and political power because our enemies have constrained us through various means at least since WWII or longer. The only possible way forward is through SEPARATION, carefully and quietly. Once we have created homogeneous WHITE communities, we will have a base from which to grow. Then perhaps ONE DAY we'll finally have the power to create our OWN nation, which is preferable to trying to \"save\" this one... for many reasons. I am speaking, of course, strictly of the US and maybe Canada. Europeans face a different situation. They either drive the invaders out or their nations are lost.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_133.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Phoenix While I appreciate your enthusiasm, as you spend more time looking into the matter, you'll realize that we cannot do any of those things you suggest because we DON'T HAVE THE POWER. We cannot acquire the necessary economic and political power because our enemies have constrained us through various means at least since WWII or longer. The only possible way forward is through SEPARATION, carefully and quietly. Once we have created homogeneous WHITE communities, we will have a base from which to grow. Then perhaps ONE DAY we'll finally have the power to create our OWN nation, which is preferable to trying to \"save\" this one... for many reasons. I am speaking, of course, strictly of the US and maybe Canada. Europeans face a different situation. They either drive the invaders out or their nations are lost.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-14-2017, 08:26 PM", "post": "No, I understand that. We're in a tough situation. Because of the Jews.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_134.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "James Gregory", "date": "11-15-2017, 02:54 PM", "post": "Of course, even the rules of this chat board prevent us from actually discussing the Final Solution of our Jew Problem. The rabbis cogitate day and night on ways to steal from, betray and subvert white people and destroy Euro-American Culture. The rabbis get 10% of all profits (tithes) that the Jews swindle and steal from us. So, the rabbis should always be target #1. I don't see any point in doing anything other than using a big eraser on the Jews -- you know, like the big pink ones at the end of a pencil of lead. In every country that they have ever infested, all the people come up with the very same ideas that all of the above posts have mentioned. The only countries that have ever succeeded in erasing these demon swine have used the tried-and-true pogrom to accomplish the work. But the Jews are an INTERNATIONAL menace and an INTERNATIONAL criminal cult. So, when they get rubbed in one country, the survivors carry whatever stolen goods they can to the next country while wailing and lamenting the cruelty of the \"anti-Semites\" who object to having our children debauched and our families destroyed and our wealth swindled and our countries over-run with alien scum. The Jews even practice crying during their \"Lamentations\" and yeshiva teachings, so they can pluck at the heart strings of their enemies and avoid their just desserts. Oh, yes! It is never the Jews' fault for stealing and murdering and raping and betraying because they are always and forever innocent of any of their crimes. It is always the fault of the goyim who forced them to loan money at usury and deal drugs to the children and kidnap little girls for the brothels. The goyim made them do it. Just like any criminal, the Jews forever claim to be innocent of their crimes. A lead pencil with a big eraser on the end, is the only solution, followed by a one-way trip to someplace worthy of the Jews such as Antarctica or the Gobi desert, someplace where they will actually have to work for a living and work very hard, indeed. The Jews have murdered a hundred million people just in the past century. Their evil is limited only to the lengths of their earthy existence. Legislation, laws and rules don't affect the Jews because they have their own system of criminal law which blames the goyim for everything and declares the Jews innocent of everything. Jesus and Hitler Told the Truth about the Jews; the Jews are Devils -- Real Ones!", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_135.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Phoenix While I appreciate your enthusiasm, as you spend more time looking into the matter, you'll realize that we cannot do any of those things you suggest because we DON'T HAVE THE POWER. We cannot acquire the necessary economic and political power because our enemies have constrained us through various means at least since WWII or longer. The only possible way forward is through SEPARATION, carefully and quietly. Once we have created homogeneous WHITE communities, we will have a base from which to grow. Then perhaps ONE DAY we'll finally have the power to create our OWN nation, which is preferable to trying to \"save\" this one... for many reasons. I am speaking, of course, strictly of the US and maybe Canada. Europeans face a different situation. They either drive the invaders out or their nations are lost.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "James Gregory", "date": "11-15-2017, 02:56 PM", "post": "Each one of us has the power. This is why the Jews push for gun control and the banning of guns. We have the power. Read Coldstar's thread \"Jews are Dangerous\", Post #2736.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_136.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by James Gregory Each one of us has the power. This is why the Jews push for gun control and the banning of guns. We have the power. Read Coldstar's thread \"Jews are Dangerous\", Post #2736. We all have the Power. Once we use that power, the Jews are doomed. Jews are Devils -- Jesus said it , but no Christian believes it. And yet, it is the Christians whom the Jews murder first!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "vikingcelt", "date": "11-15-2017, 05:20 PM", "post": "I take it you must be referring to this post, titled as The Hitler's Test: https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t11...6#post14298773", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_137.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by James Gregory Read Coldstar's thread \"Jews are Dangerous\", Post #2736. What happened in the Soviet Union is now happening here, with Jews occupying all the choke points of power , writing laws that benefit only themselves...", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Phoenix", "date": "11-16-2017, 07:36 AM", "post": "OK, I read it. The only relevant passage I took from it reinforces what I said: The final reckoning for the jews will not come until after Christ returns. That is the Biblical Truth. Until then, we are required to fight to the best of our ability against their evil, NOT sit passively as the judeo-christians believe and await the \"Rapture\".", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_138.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by James Gregory Each one of us has the power. This is why the Jews push for gun control and the banning of guns. We have the power. Read Coldstar's thread \"Jews are Dangerous\", Post #2736. We all have the Power. Once we use that power, the Jews are doomed. Jews are Devils -- Jesus said it , but no Christian believes it. And yet, it is the Christians whom the Jews murder first!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "11-16-2017, 10:17 AM", "post": "Your power is your productive capacity and the means to be paid for what you produce. This is attacked by the Jew in several ways, centered around the Social Security Number (Mark of the Beast if you will), and Federal Reserve Notes. The correct strategy is to remove yourself from the Jew system and it begins by having no DEBT. Once you have no DEBT, you decrease your availability to be a victim. \"Our Enemy, the State\" Albert Nock and Lysander Spooner \"Constitution of no Authority\" points us in the right direction. The Protocols of Zion point out their plan to control people by attacking their survival needs of food and shelter. Control of the \"Power of the Purse\" is key to their success. As White America flee the big cities, where the Dusky races have taken over, and form communities in rural areas, we increase our power and decrease theirs.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_139.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Phoenix OK, I read it. The only relevant passage I took from it reinforces what I said: As individuals we are POWERLESS under the current system. That's why it works tirelessly to keep us isolated, divided and suspicious of one another. ONLY when we come together collectively will we be able to exercise that \"power\". The final reckoning for the jews will not come until after Christ returns. That is the Biblical Truth. Until then, we are required to fight to the best of our ability against their evil, NOT sit passively as the judeo-christians believe and await the \"Rapture\".", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-16-2017, 10:57 AM", "post": "Phoenix, well said. We are powerless yes. We can change that. We can create a new national socialist party in the United States. Get elected. We need to at least try. That's all I'm saying. We can sway people to are side. It all starts with organization. At first the national socialist party was joke in Germany, look at how far they got. We have to start somewhere. If we do nothing nothing will happen and are people will continue to suffer.", "page": 14, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_140.NAF"}, {"citation": "", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-16-2017, 11:21 AM", "post": "It is far fetched yes! It all begins like I said with organization and planning. The US has a large Germanic element that will sympathize with us. These people are confused right now because of Jewish lies. We need to help them see the Jews for what they are. Once the Jew is exposed. It will be much easier to convince them to join are side. We need to try! What's the worse that can happen? We've already been humiliated lied too stepped on used like a pawn etc. We're put on this earth for a purpose you know. Not to just idilly stand by and do nothing. Then the Jews WIN. And they won't win. As long as I'm alive I'll fight. Like Our fuhrer said \" In this world of eternal struggle those who don't fight don't deserve to live\".", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_141.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by James Gregory Jesus and Hitler Told the Truth about the Jews; the Jews are Devils -- Real Ones!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "branle", "date": "11-16-2017, 01:03 PM", "post": "Yes, so in terms of waking up more of our people in terms of exposing the jew, perhaps use parables, as did Christ. So liken the jew with a virus that spreads itself internationally; can you negotiate with a virus? Or does that virus summarily attack and try to kill you? And how should one deal with a virus. Or focus on the primary source of jewish power--the money monopoly. Claim that having a Ponzi paper monopoly central bank run by the jew is like having rats operating a cheese factory . . .", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_142.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by vikingcelt I take it you must be referring to this post, titled as The Hitler's Test: https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t11...6#post14298773", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "James Gregory", "date": "11-16-2017, 03:40 PM", "post": "Yes, but I don't know how to reference it properly in the coding. Thanks for the link. It's an important one.", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_143.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by DutchFrenchman Phoenix, well said. We are powerless yes. We can change that. We can create a new national socialist party in the United States. Get elected. We need to at least try. That's all I'm saying. We can sway people to are side. It all starts with organization. At first the national socialist party was joke in Germany, look at how far they got. We have to start somewhere. If we do nothing nothing will happen and are people will continue to suffer.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "11-16-2017, 03:46 PM", "post": "So you're going to fix this government politically? By voting? With a new political party? And you're going to sway people to our side? NEVER HAPPEN!", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_144.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by branle Yes, so in terms of waking up more of our people in terms of exposing the jew, perhaps use parables, as did Christ. So liken the jew with a virus that spreads itself internationally; can you negotiate with a virus? Or does that virus summarily attack and try to kill you? And how should one deal with a virus. Or focus on the primary source of jewish power--the money monopoly. Claim that having a Ponzi paper monopoly central bank run by the jew is like having rats operating a cheese factory . . .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "11-16-2017, 03:50 PM", "post": "The money monopoly has been broken by BITCOIN, White Nationalism and Bitcoin are natural allies. If large numbers of aware people move to Cryptocurrencies, we should have a chance. The object of BitCoin is to evade the Federal Reserve. Work for Bitcoin, trade in Bitcoin, no Social Security Number, no debt, we need to step out of their system.", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_145.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by DutchFrenchman Aryan brothers. This Jewish plot they have will only lead to there own destruction. They control everything! The media. Facebook FTDNA etc all Jewish controlled. There are very smart and cunning. They use you as a pawn. Everything you've ever known is likely a Jewish lie. Lies lies lies. That's what they do. They have lied to me personally many times. There not real people they act and look like real people but they aren't. In the Jew represents everything wrong in this world. In contrast to the Aryan. You are a product of your environment and the system. Your confused because of these lies. They will do anything to conceal these lies. You have to understand they work together to bring the Aryan man down and confused. I know the truth I have lived it. I understand your frustration and anger. We're in this together. In this fight we are on the same side. I will never go up against a fellow Aryan. We need to work together to fight the international Jewish community. It's us or them. You will see the truth in time. I'm sure. Like I have. Don't believe anything at this point. I'll post later to follow up. I have the PROOF of one huge lie. I'll send you pm if you want. It's an FTDNA lie. And I'll show you!", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Coldstar", "date": "11-16-2017, 03:53 PM", "post": "What is really bad is when confused White parents confuse their children also.", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_146.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by branle Yes, so in terms of waking up more of our people in terms of exposing the jew, perhaps use parables, as did Christ. So liken the jew with a virus that spreads itself internationally; can you negotiate with a virus? Or does that virus summarily attack and try to kill you? And how should one deal with a virus. Or focus on the primary source of jewish power--the money monopoly. Claim that having a Ponzi paper monopoly central bank run by the jew is like having rats operating a cheese factory . . .", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "Dylan", "date": "11-16-2017, 03:53 PM", "post": "And you don't think the Jewish religion Christianity, Jesus, a member of the Tribe of Judah, is not as powerful as the money trust?", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_147.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Coldstar What is really bad is when confused White parents confuse their children also.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "DutchFrenchman", "date": "11-16-2017, 04:17 PM", "post": "Really enjoy your posts Coldstar. You're right. The parents should be on the same side as there children. Not opposite. Myself personally this is the case. My father is an Aryan but thinks like a Jew. He's been brainwashed. We don't get along. Because were fighting on opposite sides lol. He still thinks Hitler is \"evil\". I don't. That's the problem.", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_148.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Dylan And you don't think the Jewish religion Christianity, Jesus, a member of the Tribe of Judah, is not as powerful as the money trust?", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "branle", "date": "11-16-2017, 11:52 PM", "post": "You may be right. But money's an everyday tangible thing that can be used to get the point across. Religion's a powerful tool for some, but so divisive and fragmentary. For example, on the Jesus was a jew thing, one could also claim, \"Before Abraham Was, I Am.\"", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_149.NAF"}, {"citation": "Originally Posted by Dylan The money monopoly has been broken by BITCOIN, White Nationalism and Bitcoin are natural allies. If large numbers of aware people move to Cryptocurrencies, we should have a chance. The object of BitCoin is to evade the Federal Reserve. Work for Bitcoin, trade in Bitcoin, no Social Security Number, no debt, we need to step out of their system.", "idFile": "t1115081", "user": "branle", "date": "11-16-2017, 11:58 PM", "post": "You're right. It's a great start. The problem's that the majority of domestic and global transactions aren't conducted this way. But one can hope.", "page": 15, "idFileEnriched": "t1115081_150.NAF"}]